my sensor should detect movement if i get up late night light in my house should go on the house should automatically detect movement if a person walk into a dark room all the light should go on to enhance convenience and safety movement should be detected if there is movement outside of the house light should go on for visibility during the dark night if a person is reading the house should change the lightning brightness or color the light should turn up bright white so that the person can see what he is reading . There is a storm outside or it is very hot and the ac is on blowing cool air in the house . Wind or fan may be blowing curtain . The system should be able to determine it is a continuous motion of a small degree and therefore not register it and continue to shut down the light at the designated time . A late night shopping trip . A person get home and it is very late at night . Their hand are full and they ca n't switch on the light . The system should instantly turn on the light when the motion is detected . Someone with malicious intent is scoping out the house to potentially rob it . A person is prowling around the yard of the smart homeowner . The exterior light should recognize it is not normal time for a guest and it is not an authorized person or key holder and turn on the light . It is night time and a couple are having a relaxing glass of whine while watching a movie in the evening . A man ha a romantic house guest and they are sitting on the couch in the living room . The light system should recognize it is getting late and there is a movie on and dim the light and provide a slightly red hue for romantic atmosphere . A dog or cat is moving around making it seem like someone is in the room There is a pet causing movement The system should be able to tell that it is an animal and not a human The light should turn off after a set period of time I leave the room The light turn off The system should detect my movement and turn on the light . I enter the room . The light turn on . They are too short to reach the light switch . A small child go into their room at night . They system will turn on the light when the child go in the room . The system should detect the movement and turn on a corresponding light in the area . There is movement outside close to the house . Specific outdoor light turn on to illuminate the movement outside . The baby move and the light are turned on . A baby is sleeping in a dark room . The system should have a sleep mode so the light stay off . Specific light should turn on to illuminate certain area of the room so a to not reflect onto the TV . The system should detect whether the TV is on or now . The room will light with a specific intensity in certain area . The cat annoyingly trigger the light for the third time this week . There is a stray cat outside . The light wo n't come on when the movement come from a small creature . The system should be set at such a level to detect slow movement . A person walk into the room very slowly , making it difficult for the system to detect . The system pick up the slow movement and turn on the light . You have the light dimmed for the movie but you are scared and want them bright . You are watching a scary movie You give the smart light a code word and the light immediately come on full force to scare of any monster , ghost or demon . Whew , close call ! You leave home with the light set to go off , but that naughty cat knock off a vase causing a loud bang . The light come on running up the electricity too . The cat knock a vase off . The system recognizes that a non-human creature made the noise and keep the light off . The room is configured to respond after a preset time following no movement or noise . I leave the room with the light on . The light in the room should turn off to save energy . The light in the room are not on ; it is dark inside . I open the door and walk into a dark room . The smart home should respond to my presence and automatically turn the light on . The light are configured to respond to movement ; it is night time . I move outside around the house . The light should turn on a a security measure . The room light are at their full brightness ; we are watching TV together . I enter a room with several people and we watch TV together . The room should respond to the activity in the room and dim the light for comfort . You are asleep , when your spouse let out a horrendous fart in his sleep . This loud noise cause the light to go on , waking the both of you . Your spouse blame the fart on the dog , which cause an argument about his habit of shifting the blame . You are sleeping and your spouse let out a loud fart . The system should come programmed to ignore common bodily noise so the light stay off . I 'm not talking , but I am moving every once and awhile . It is late afternoon . I am sitting on my couch , watching TV . The light should stay on . The lighting wa optimized for watching TV , with the light dimmed . I 'm now ready to do some work . I turn off the TV , and sit at my desk . I turn on my computer . The light are raised to a level that allows better visibility . We turn the TV off . We put on some music , and start talking . I 'm in the home with a few friend , and we are having a little party . The lighting in the room switch to something more colorful , and possibly alters the hue slightly , to the beat of the music . The lighting should adjust itself so that all area are lit up adequately for everyone . A group of people enter the room The light come on and light the entire room an appropriate amount . Although my pet is moving , the motion detector is set for a certain height requirement . My dog or cat ha access to my home day and night . The light stay off . Certain light are optimized for reading near the couch , while the rest are dimmed or off . I 'm sitting on the couch reading a book . Only the light above the couch are on ; the others are dimmed . Set the smart house so that anything meeting a certain height requirement doe not turn the automatic light on . Pets like dog or cat have free reign outside and can set off the motion detector . Lights should stay off if a dog or cat walk by . The device I am carrying is authorized and the room is dark I walk into a dark room with a device that is connected to the smart lighting The light turn on to my desired presets . The room is authorized to shut down the light No one ha entered the room and no sound ha been made for 10 minute The light will dim for 5 minute and then shut It is night time , thus energy savement mode is on and should work properly at night , although no movement likely to occur there would still be noise from TV . Falling asleep on the couch while watching TV Lights should not fade off , since there is continous sound coming from the TV . TV is turned ON ; it 's night time ; the person sits by the table . The person is watching TV . Lights should not be dimmed a the person is having dinner or working on their project . Room A ha no one inside of it ; it is a night time . After staying in the room A , I 'm going out to the room B and staying there for a preconfigured time ( N T ) . All light in the room A should be turned OFF . Nothing is generating noise inside the room A ; it is a night time . Room A ha TV turned ON in it . I 'm grabbing the remote control and going to the room B . After the N amount of time , I 'm using the remote control to turn off the TV . Lights in the room A are getting turned OFF . A person is inside the room A ; it 's dark inside the room . I 'm going from the room B to room A . Lights inside the room A are getting turned ON . A person is inside the room A ; the person ha a portable source of light with them ( e.g . flashlight ) . I 'm going from the room B to room A . The light ALL around the home should be turned ON a the person with the flashlight could be possibly an intruder . Sensor detected a movement ; the shape of that movement is big enough to be a human ; it 's night time . There is a movement outside of the house . Turn ON the light . Sensor detected the movement ; the shape of that movement is small ( e.g cat , dog ) ; it 's night time . There is a movement outside the home . The light should be turned OFF a the shape is not big enough to be a potential danger . TV is turned ON ; there wa no voice command to turn the light OFF ; it 's night time ; the person is inside of their bed/lazy chair The person is watching TV . Lights should be dimmed to the preconfigured % ; the color of the light should be based on the program the person is watching ( e.g . horror - red , news - blue , action - orange ) [ ability to customize color scheme should be included ] . It is night time , dark room and mother doe not intend to disturb sleeping baby . A mother walk in to her baby room to check him/her without awakening . Lights should turn on for safety of incoming person to the room at the expense of incovenience . I walk out of the bathroom and have the timer set for 3 minute to turn the light off I just finished using the bathroom The light shut off in the bathroom after 3 minute It 's night time and the light in my bedroom are off I need to get something from my bedroom When I walk into the room , the light will turn on I want some of the light to cycle on and off to make it seem like somebody is at home to deter any criminal I am on vacation for a few day away from my home The light should go on and off for a set amount of time in different room to make it seem like somebody is actually at home The bathroom light are off because nobody ha gone in there in a few hour . The system however should detect it 's late at night and that I would n't want to be blinded going into the bathroom I 've awaken from sleep to get up to use the bathroom The system should turn on the light to a very dim setting in the bathroom It 's late at night and I just came from a dark room , I do n't want the light to be too bright when I walk into the kitchen . I 'm waking up for a midnight snack and head to the kitchen The light should come on dimmed in the kitchen ; comfortable enough to where it wo n't hurt my eye but bright enough so I can see what I 'm doing The system should detect the size of what is moving around my house at night A raccoon walk by my house late at night The light should not come on because it is just a raccoon and it would be unnecessary to turn on the light It 's night time and people are coming in the backyard from the driveway I am having friend over in the backyard for a bonfire Turn on only walkway light so that my guest can see , but keep floodlight off a to not attract bug It 's nighttime and I 'm sitting in the living room , watching a movie I 'm watching a movie The light should stay dimmed a to not produce a glare on the screen It 's starting to get dark outside and I 'm having trouble reading I would like to read a book in the study The system should turn the light on to their full brightness so that I can see what I 'm reading Someone wa previously in the room with the light on but ha since left and not reentered . A room ha been completely unoccupied for the preconfigured amount of time . The light should be turned off . There are no light on in the room and the room is unoccupied prior to the person entering . A person enters into a darkened room . The light should turn on . The person is not a member of the household ( is not authorized ) and is approaching the home from any side . A person approach the home at night . Some light should turn on to scare off a potential intruder . There are people seated either on furniture or on the floor in front of the TV . A TV in the room is turned on . The room lighting should be changed to the preconfigured setting for watching TV . There had been no significant movement or noise in the room for the preconfigured time , so the light had been turned off . A sleeping baby awakes during the night and begin to cry in his crib . The light should remain off . The family dog is making his nocturnal round , trotting in and out of various room in the house . There are no light on in the room and the room is otherwise unoccupied . A dog enters the room . The light should remain off . The room is dark . There are child sleeping in their bed in this room . One of their parent ha cracked open the door to check on them . A person crack open a door and peer into a dark room but doe not cross the threshold . The light should remain off . The smart home should detect no movement . A person fall asleep in a room . The light should turn off . The light are on for reading . There is minimal movement , only the turning of page , and very little sound other than the person breathing . A person is seated in the room reading . The light should remain on . The smart home detects movement but no manual control of the light . A person ha a book in one hand and a drink in the other . They are unable to reach the light switch . The smart home turn the light on after about 10 second . The smart home detects a body that is bigger than a small cat or dog . A trespasser ha hopped the fence and is walking up to the home . The smart home turn on security light in the area of the movement . The smart home detects the increased activity . A person is being very active and moving around in a room The light get brighter a the person continues to move and dims if they sit still . The light are off because no one is using the room . It is a summer day , so the window are open . A strong breeze is moving the drape . Window drape are blowing in the wind , creating distinct movement in the room and casting changing shadow across the room . The light should remain off . It is night and the light are off . An animal [ raccoon , skunk , possum , deer , domestic cat , domestic dog , wild turkey , etc . ] approach the home . The light should not turn on . A person wa in the room and the light are on . Sounds are coming through an open window , but no one ha been in the room for the preconfigured time . The continuous sound of [ rain , traffic , a leaf blower , a lawnmower , chirping bird , dog barking , etc . ] is audible through an open window . The light should be turned off . A person wa in the room and the light are on . No one ha been in the room for the preconfigured time . Audible through an open window that , say , open on to a patio or backyard are distinctly human sound such a child playing or people in conversation . Distinctly human sound are audible in the room . The light should turn off . There are people seated either on furniture or on the floor in front of the TV . There are also other people in a different area of the room engaged in activity other than watching the TV . A TV in the room is turned on . The overall room lighting should not be changed . The room is empty . No movement or noise ha been detected for a preconfigured time . The light fade automatically . The light turned off , and the person clap . Someone is sitting on the couch reading a book . The light turn back on , and the movement detection time is automatically extended due to low motion activity but someone being present . The light are off in the day time . A person walk into a room where the light are off . If ambient light is above a certain level , the light do not come on without a noise stimulus . If the light is below a preconfigured level , the light come on . The light are off in the evening . A person walk into an empty room where the light are off . The light come on gradually , and stay dimmed to a preconfigured level to prevent blinding the person . A noise stimulus increase light level at preconfigured level . The person is preconfigured a an authorized user ( homeowner or close friend ) . A person is detected by a motion detector outside the home . Zoned lighting follows the person a they walk outside the home , dimmed to a preconfigured level . The person is not preconfigured a an authorized user ( homeowner or close friend ) , and the homeowner is home and ha not set the system to expect company . A person is detected outside the home by motion detector after dark . All light turn on outside the home at full lighting level , and the owner is notified via text message or some other preconfigured notification system . External door are automatically locked . The person is not preconfigured a an authorized user ( homeowner or close friend ) , and the homeowner ha set the system to them being out of town . A person is detected walking outside the home after dark by motion detector . All outside light come on at full level , the owner is notified via a preconfigured notification , and emergency communication are sent ( preconfigured option include neighbor , police , etc . ) External door are automatically locked . A person is in the room . The television is turned on . Lights near the television dim to a preconfigured level to reduce glare . A person is in the room . The television is turned off . Light level are raised to a preconfigured level to allow for better visibility in the room . A person is sitting in a chair reading a book . The system know that someone walked in but ha not walked out of the room . No motion ha been detected in a room for several minute . Lighting is dimmed except for over the reading area . Night time , house is empty and there is not much movement along the street . A car pass along the street nearby the house with light on , causing reflection and moving shadow at a steady speed . Lights should turn on , since there is moving object going nearby with light on causing moving shadow that conceals some of the object from sensor and when shadow is gone object would return to their previous visibility causing sensor to detect them a revealed intruder . It is night time and player want to have an immersive experience to deeply feel the mood of the game , while guest person wear eyeglass due to his/her visual impairment . Playing an horror video game on TV with game console with a guest . Lights should dim and brighten and accordingly change color on a scale based on intensity of movement , sound level , considering their frequency while playing the game , although it becomes harder for the guest to see object around due to low light level inside . Night time , it is a horror movie , and dark mood is essential for the environment in order to get deep in the atmosphere . There is risk to trip over the floor , at the expense of not disturbing others by light but extra commotion . A friend walk into the home theater room , returning from outside , while others continue watching cinema . Lights should turn on since it is dark and bear risk for health , regardless of who is inside or type of action ongoing in the room . Homeowner is taking a bath in the bathroom , and is laying back relaxing . No motion ha been detected in the bathroom for several minute . Lights stay dim but do not turn off . Device wa set into Wife is mad at me '' mode '' Someone is sleeping on the couch and sometimes moving or snoring Device doe not turn back light again . Dog ha a special chip which make him accepted by system . You have a dog which sleep outside the house . Lights stay off , so dog can sleep . Homeowner is cooking food . This is sent by oven to light . Homeowner is in the kitchen , making noise and tuning on oven . Lights are turned on maximum so he can make food without problem . He want to work so he need good lightning . Homeowner is in working room and starting up Laptop . Light is going to maximum for working room . The light are off in the evening . Your cat walk into the room at night , a she is sleeping there . Device recognises cat by chip and leaf light off . `` There is nobody else in the room . The light are preconfigured to turn off in 20 minute after the last movement or noise occurs in the room. '' `` I leave the room. '' The light should automatically fade off in 20 minute . I do n't snore . There is nobody else in the room . It 's nighttime . The book is a paper book , so when I read it , there is a movement of turning the page and my hand and when I fall asleep that movement stop . The light are preconfigured to turn off in 20 minute after the last movement or significant noise occurs in the room . `` I fall asleep while reading a book. '' The light should automatically fade off in 20 minute . `` If it 's dark in the room , the light are preconfigured to turn on immediately after there is a movement in the doorway of the room. '' I walk into a dark room . The light should automatically turn on . This evening I 'm not alone or I do n't live alone at all . My partner is sleeping in this room . I do n't want to disturb them with the light getting turned on on me entering the room . The light in the room are preconfigured to turn on of there is a movement in the doorway in the evening , but they are also configured to ignore such movement if Sleep time '' mode is chosen . Turning on `` Sleep time '' mode for the upcoming evening or the date range of evening can be programmed in advance . It 's dark outside the house ; the light that are closer to the window are preconfigured to turn on if there is a movement outside those particular window and go off in 15 minute from the moment the movement stop . `` Somebody approach the house. '' `` The light that are closer to the window that are closer to the approaching person should automatically turn on . They should go off in 15 minute from the moment the movement outside the house stops. '' `` It 's dark outside the house . The light that are closer to the window are preconfigured to turn on if there is a movement outside those particular window and go off in 15 minute from the moment the movement stop . They are already on . The smart home is preconfigured to send a photo from the security camera to the home owner 's smartphone if the movement outside the house get stronger , despite the light on , and to now keep the light on for 30 minute from the moment the movement stops. '' Somebody keep approaching the house , even though the security light on '' mode is on ( the light that are by the window near the place the movement ha occured are on ) . It 's evening ; the light are preconfigured to get bright if there is a movement on the bookshelf of the bookcase in the evening OR if I choose Reading '' mode manually on the light ' control device . It 's nighttime . People in the room do n't want the light react to the appearance or absence of the movement in the room . The light are preconfigured to go dim when Romance '' mode is chosen and stay in this mode until another mode is chosen manually on the light ' control device . `` Romance '' mode can be be chosen for the upcoming evening or date range of evening in advance . my house sense no movement in the room and no noise I leave my house to go out with friend for the evening . the light should automatically fade off in the room . they step inside the room with both of their hand filled with grocery it is night time and my roommate ha just come home after a long day at work . the house automatically turn on the light when they walk inside the room . there is a person outside of my house who is not the same shape or size a me I am away from my house on vacation.there is movement outside of my house the home should automatically turn on some of the light to scare off potential intruder and to show someone is home . the amount of electronics that I have going in the background should be sensed by the house and should be able to figure out the amount of brightness the tv and computer screen cause . i turn on my television a I get inside my house . I then turn on my computer and put on some music in the background . The home should adjust the brightness up to fit the amount of screen electronics that I have on . my friend come inside my room to watch some television.His body size and shape is not authorized a mine is.His vocal sound is also not registered like mine is . I leave my room for a few hour to go downstairs and watch a movie . the light in the room should not fade off . I get to the driveway of my house and stand there for a bit talking on the phone.my body shape and size , and along with vocal pattern are authorized I come home early from a business trip , it is dark outside The house should not turn on any light . a long a i am in the room with them the house will recognize my body and vocal pattern . me and my friend which are three people came into my bedroom to play video game . the room will fix the lighting in the room depending on how many people are in the room . I 'm planning to do painting/drawing/design/video editing work and need perfect lighting to see the color I use accurately . If Design time '' mode is chosen the light are preconfigured to ignore the evening time and movement in specific area of the room that are configured to be trigger for other mode of lighting . Only manual change of the mode is available . '' I choose Design time '' mode on the control panel or by tapping on the wall by my desk or via a voice command . '' There 's no movement in the room after 5 minute I 'm alone in my house and I leave the room . The light fade . Lights detect movement , it 's night time . I just woke up and entered the living room Lights should turn on . It 's night time , it 's dark , light detect movement outside my house . Some people are passing in front of my house . Outdoors light should turn on . `` There 's almost no movement in the living room . The sensor is detecting my location and where I am. '' I 'm reading a book in the living room . Lights next to me should adjust their brightness to focus on me while the others should dim . It 's evening and the overhead light wa on , but dimmed . I walk up to my stove with something simmering on it . The overhead light should brighten up to max so that I can examine whatever I 'm cooking . It is day time . Someone walk up to the door of the home . The light do not turn on . The animal doe not count a a person , thus it is not authorized . An animal ( family pet , either a dog or a cat ) walk into the room . The room should not turn on the light to enhance convenience or safety . It is dark outside ; the bird is much smaller than a person . A bird fly by the home . The light should not turn on . A light is already on . A person walk into the room . The light should not change . The stray animal is not authorized and is not considered a potential intruder that need to be scared off . A stray animal walk through the front yard of the home . The home doe not automatically turn on light because the animal doe not need to be scared off . It is day time . A person walk into the room . The light should not turn on . It 's evening time ( after the sun ha set ) . I 'm walking through my hallway The lighting in hallway and other area should change from a blue light to a more warm light that 's conducive of sleep . There are no people in the room . The light are authorized to turn off after 15 minute . A person wa in the room , but left the room 15 minute ago . It is night time . The timer for the light in the room is set to fade off the light after 15 minute of the room having no noise or movement . The light turn off . when no one is in the room no movement light should fade off home ha special way of knowing how i walk i walk in with my shoe turn on all the light including bathroom light I am not making noise or moving . I fall asleep on the couch for an afternoon nap for 2 hour . The light should fade off in the room to save energy . The house should detect the amount of time left before sunset and automatically adjust lighting in the house to accommodate . It is becoming dark outside and the sun is setting . Lights in room where people are present should automatically turn on . light sensor acknowledge movement person open a door or walk through a room light come on automatically it will sense if it an intruder that ha a certain stealth walk a soon a there is movement other than small animal passerby walking it will then turn on all the light and sound an alarm if one is attached to the home The person is authorized and the room detects that music is still playing , so the light should remain on . A person leaf the room but leaf the stereo system on with the intent to return to the room later . The room stay lit because the stereo system is still playing . I have entered a room and the home should automatically turn on the light in that room . I hear a noise downstairs at night . I walk into the dark dining room . The light turn on so that I can find where the noise is coming from . It is night time . The room is empty and the light are off . The motion of the person entering the room is detected . The light are authorized to turn on . A person enters the room . The light turn on automatically so the person can see in the room . There is no noise in the room , The tv is shut off and no one is there . Lights are set to fade off the light in that room when myself or someone else is n't present . I leave my living room after watching tv and decide to go to sleep . Lights should automically fade to save energy . it will take the light off i walk into the room quitly and if the home sens my footstep and turn the place pitchblack but leave a little light for me to walk It is sensed that there is movement outside home when it is dark outside . It is night and a raccoon jump onto a trashcan near my house . The smart home should automatically turn on exterior light . If sensor detect movement of a certain mass ( human ) or a certain heat signature the home owner will be notified . The cat wa laying still but ha just woken up and begin moving . The cat get up , stretch , and walk out of the room . The light are authorized to turn on . A person wa in the room but left a while ago . There is a cat in the room . The cat is sleeping . The light turn on because movement is sensed . Person outside is standing very close to my home . it 's dark outside , there is someone outside that should not be there potentially a robber or criminal . Lights should automatically turn on to scare potential intruder off , so they think I turned them on . No person is in the room ; there is no noise except for the fan sound . A fan is blowing in the room . The light should fade . sensor recognize lack of movement the door open and close a I leave the house light automatically fade or shut off according to setting The house detects my presence and the low lighting in the room . I sit down in the afternoon to read a book . The sun start setting and the room start to grow dark . The smart home should optimize the lighting by lowering curtain and turning on indoor electric lighting . floor sensor recognize footstep I walk down a dark hallway in the middle of the night hallway is lit automatically according to setting When a person go to bed for sleeping Sleeping Dim the light . sensor or camera catch movement teenager sneaking out at night light are turned on brightly a a deterrent '' It is dark in the living room , There are electronic cord on the floor that are plugged into the wall that could be a safety hazard also there are stair that contain 3 step leading down to my living room. '' I am walking towards my living room , I have crutch . The light should detect my motion of me walking and should turn on immediately to avoid me tripping/falling or hurting myself . camera sensor track movement coyote creep onto the property near the backyard where the dog sleep light come on bright enough to deter the coyote sensor use thermal energy to sense where the majority of people are having a dinner party light adjust accordingly smart home detects the television being on having a movie night with friend light are turned off during the movie and adjust when paused or stopped Myself and my friend are not talking , we are not being loud or having a party we are relaxing and watching a movie on TV . No one ha gotten up from the couch , It 's night time and the room is dark . The only thing that light up the room is the TV . Myself and my friend are sitting on the couch in the living room watching TV . The light should turn on to dim lighting , and should detect any motion . Since there is no motion from my friend and myself moving about , The light should dim to light up the room a bit , If myself and friend decide to get up from the couch the light should dectect this movement and turn on from dim to bright . if someone is n't in the room , that room doe n't need to be fully lit someone leaf the room and stay out of it for an hour or two fade off the light The homeowner is out of town . Someone break in to the house and enters the room with the intention of robbing the house . The light are authorized to turn on . The light in the room are turned off when there is no movement in the room . The light turn on and the intruder leaf the house quickly , hoping to avoid getting caught in the attempt of robbing the house . the light doe n't need to be on when they are gone , but if they 're coming back soon , they might want the room still lit someone leaf the room but come back in a minute or two the light fade on a delay ; it start to fade after 30 second to a minute , or fade at a slower rate initially The homeowner drive up to their house . The motion from the vehicle along with the motion of the passenger exiting the vehicle are detected by the house . Some light are authorized to turn on . It is night time and dark outside . The light in the house are off . Some light turn on in response to the detection of people . Room is empty There is no movement in the room during 5 minute Light should be faded off Room is not empty There is movement in the room Lights should not be faded off A robber walk up to the house with the intention of breaking in and stealing item from the house . The robber belief he is undetected . Some light are authorized to turn on . It is late at night and dark outside . The light in the house are turned off . Some light in the house turn on when the motion of the robber walking up to the house is detected . The robber quickly leaf the scene to avoid getting caught . the hallway need to be lit up a few foot in advance of where the person is walking , but it doe n't all need to be lit up , especially if there are multiple branching pathway someone walk down a dark hallway the person pass a sensor and it trigger the light to light up in turn down the hallway path they are headed towards Smart home light detect motion I enter room and begin to sift through thing in my closet . Smart home turn on Smart light detects motion , but under threshold to activate lighting . I briefly enter room and grab something off of my desk . I am in the room for le than three second . Lighting stay off . Smart light detect it is late and after the user 's pre-configured bed time . Home owner is in bed and watching TV . It is after 10 PM . Smart light shift slightly red to help encourage sleep . ( Similar to PC program f.lux ) It is daytime . I walk up to my house . The light should not turn on . It is night time and there is no light source . My friend walk up to my house . The light should turn on . People are seated in the room . The tv is turned on and the movie begin to play . The light are authorized to dim . Lights in the room are currently turned on and are bright . The people in the room are about to watch a movie and want the light very dim while the movie play . The light dim to enhance the experience of watching the movie . I am in the room for a period of time long enough for the house to turn the light on . I walk into the kitchen and look for a snack in the cabinet . The light turn on to help me look for a snack . The person want bright light overhead so they can read their book easily without straining their eye . The rest of the room can have light that are not a bright . Lights over the person are authorized to turn on bright . A person enters the room and want to read a book . The light in the immediate area where the person is seated turn on so they are bright . The rest of the room ha lighting that is more subdued . The home should recognize that there are low light condition despite the time of day . It is morning , but it is stormy outside . The home should adjust lighting to compensate for the lack of natural lighting from outside . There is no movement from sentient object in the room and no authorized people walk into the room The owner of the house left the window open and a strong gust of wind blow some object in the room over , causing movement in the room when no one is inside The light should not turn on or if light are on , they should turn off The room realizes it is empty . You leave the room . It shuts off all the light . The house realizes there is movement outside . Someone is approaching your house at night . It turn on the light . The house realizes someone is inside . A person walk into the home . It turn on the light . The house realizes you have change what you are doing . You start an activity in the room . It adjusts the light accordingly . I need adequate lighting but i am moving very little I am sitting in a room reading a book . Lights should remain on for reading Lights do not need to remain on for pet . A small pet ( cat or dog ) move about the room . Lights should dim or turn off if only pet are present . It is the middle of the night and others are asleep in the room . I am walking to bathroom in the dark Lights should not be turned in the middle of the night to shock people awake . Lights had been dimmed or turned off for viewing I turn off the TV Lights should come on or brighten If the noise is n't produced in the room itself , the light should n't turn on . Someone in an adyacent room make a noise that reach a room that should be whit it light off . Identify from where the noise come from and act accordingly . Lights are off for TV viewing The phone ring Lights need to brighten or turn on to allow me to find the handset Lights were down or off in the middle of the day due to plentiful natural light A storm roll in Lights should turn on or brighten Lights are low or off because of plentiful natural light . The sun set As the sun set and the room darkens the light should gradually come up . Wildlife is plentiful in the area , up to the size of deer . An animal walk past . Lights should distinguish animal from human activity and not turn on every time an animal pass If someone is reading , light should become brighter , to help people who are nearsighted or have problem focusing their vision . Someone is reading a book Lights become brighter Leaving the house , and no one is home . After locking the door from outside all light should be off All light should turn off automatically . Lights should be a dim a possible without losing the general vision of the room . Someone is watching TV or using the PC Lights become dimmer . I am leaving for work after closing the door , and locking it . I leave home at 6am The light should gradually turn off . I am preparing to go to work in the morning , I am half awake . I wake up to go the bathroom the bathroom light should turn on a soon a I open the door I am not expecting anyone else knocking on my door , or being in my yard . I have already locked all door After sensing a presence with a sensor , light should turn on . Outside light should be a bright and strong a posible to help looking for intruder in case someone enters the house without permission . Someone enters the backyard/frontyard . Lights turn on at it max . potency . The light in the living room are on I am watching a movie late at night The light should be dimmed a to not bother with too much brightness or being completely off . Light should turn on for a short while , just to guide the person a he/she enters the house . A resident enters the smart home . Lights turn a long a the person remains outside , and turn off after . The living room is empty , there is no noise or movement for a preconfigured time . I have gone upstairs for the night and left the light on in the living room . The light should automatically fade off to save energy . There are no light on in the kitchen and it is nighttime . My friend walk into the kitchen of my home , which is dark . The light should come on automatically when my friend enters the room . The light are off outside and it is nighttime . A strange person approach outside to look through my trash in my driveway . The light should turn on automatically when sensing the movement of the stranger looking through my trash , and scare them off . The light are off inside but it 's still relatively bright . I am watching a movie and it is bright outside . The smart home should automatically close the blind in order to enhance the experience . It is evening and a romantic dinner is being served in the dining room . I am having a romantic date in the dining room of my home . The lighting should be optimized automatically for the situation , in this case , dimming and turning to a romantic shade of pink . It is the day an time in which I am consistently not home . I am never in the house on particular day of the week between particular time . The house should remember that no one is in the house for this period of time and automatically turn off the light . The house recognizes it a an animal and not a person . An animal pass outside the home . The light remain off . A child walk into the room . It is evening and the room is dark . The light are authorized to turn on . There is no movement or noise in the room . The light turn on . Someone is sleeping in the room , but begin snoring . The light are authorized to turn on . The light are off in the room . It is night and the room is dark . The light turn on . The person 's motion authorizes the light to turn on , so the person can make their way to the bathroom with the light on , instead of it being dark . It is the middle of the night . The house is dark . Someone get up to go to the bathroom . The light turn on . The house recognizes that the TV is no longer on . I turn off my TV . The light should come back on . you might want to save power and not have light turning on and off all the time if your pet walk in the room when you 're not home an animal ( such a a dog or cat ) walk into a room the light should be able to ignore pet or anything under a certain size It is preconfigured that the child is scared of the dark . The light are turned off in a child 's room . The house turn on a night light . The house recognizes my descent in to slow wave sleep . I begin to fall asleep . The light fade off in response to me falling asleep . The basement is dark and I am entering . I walk down the basement to find something and it is dark . The light automatically turn on so I can safely find what I need . That room ha a setting for television lighting . Television turn on . The light lower to the desired level . unauthorized guest are not allowed to get near the home during night time . The motion detector sense motion during the night near the home . The light turn on , to brighten up the entire perimeter of the house , warding off intentional intruder or attacker . no one is in the room and there is no sound coming from a tv or radio motion detector check for sound or motion in the room light will be dimmed from their full value to conserve power and turned off after another continuous period of inactivity . a check is made to see if there is sufficient sunlight in a room to lighten a room A guest walk towards a room If there is sufficient sunlight in the room , the system leaf the room light alone , if there is not sufficient sunlight in a room or it is night time outside the system will automatically turn on the light for the user . a check will be made to tell the time of day and sunlight in the room people are watching tv in a room if applicable the light will be brighten or soften to give the user a better experience and reduce glare on the tv screen . I am not moving , and fall asleep . I lay down in a currently lit room . The light dim after the specified time . There is noise in an adjacent room . There is no one in a currently lit room , and no noise . The light should dim in the unoccupied room in the specified time . The cat is not a person . A pet cat or dog walk into a dark room . The smart home doe not turn on the light . The person is not in the room . A person is standing just outside the open door to a room . The light to come on in the darkened , empty room . The person themselves doe not enter the room . A person toss a package into a dark room . The light do not come on . A small moth is not a danger to the home security . A small moth move near the light sensor . The light outside do not turn on . It may be a danger to home security because of it relative size and movement . Something the size of a small child or larger move outside . The light in that area turn on outside wherever it move . The wind is not actively attempting to breech home security . The wind blow hard outside of the house during a storm . The light do not turn on . Person is almost completely still . Person is practicing mediation in room , being a still a possible . Lights should dim . The house recognizes that I am in movement . It is dark and I am navigating my house . The house light up the hallway a I walk to my destination . User is moving about during the preconfigured time User is still in the room moving about during the start of the preconfigured time Because there is movement , the smart home should not fade the light The room now sens that there is movement User walk into a darkened room Room turn on life automatically This individual now enters the unlit hallway on the way to said bathroom . An individual awakens in the middle of the night and head toward the bathroom through an unlit hallway . The hallway light automatically activates a the individual pass through . The bathroom light activates upon entry . There is now no movement or noise in this room User leaf the room for the evening As long a the timeframe is in the preconfigured set up , the smart home will automatically face the light so a to save energy Smart house sens that something ha moved outside User walk up to the house at night Smart house automatically turn on the light , allowing user to see the home more clearly The house recognizes that the Blu-ray player is now playing a video User blesses play on his smart Blu-ray player that connects to the house Smart home automatically dims the light to a Preconfigured output The faint sound and movement of a turning page occurs occasionally . An Individual is quietly reading a novel . The smart home detects that an individual is present , and doe not fade the light . Smart oven tell the smart house that the oven ha been activated User turn on his or her smart of an at night Because the smart house note that the time is now nighttime , not only doe it turn on the light in the kitchen to help the user see but doe so at a warmer frequency so a not to strain the eye of the user . It is late at night a the raccoon scurry near . A raccoon approach , eager to rummage through the home 's trash bin . The raccoon is detected and the light are automatically engaged . Hopefully this will startle this nuisance , or at the least alert the homeowner to his presence . It is late at night , a the strong wind thrash about the tree and shrub , and the heavy rain assault the stone and concrete walkway . The area is experiencing a strong thunder storm , with accompanied wind and rain . The smart home correctly identifies this movement a being not that of an individual , but of violent weather condition . The system ha successfully and efficiently avoided the repeated activation of light throughout this stormy night . The family is now gathered around the big screen HDTV . This is a common and recognized activity for this troupe , and ha been previously preconfigured . It 's movie night , and everyone take their place in the the family room . The lighting is appropriately dimmed to a very dark , yet comfortable level , in order to reduce eye strain . The color temperature of the lighting adjusts from the typical 2700k used for everyday lighting to 6500k , which is the standard to which the present HDTV ha been calibrated . I am laying nearly motionless on the couch . I am relaxing on the couch contemplating my future . Being that there is no movement , the light fade off in the room . I lay motionless on the couch . After a long day at work I decide to rest on the couch , but I fall asleep . Being there there is no movement , the light fade off so a to not waste any energy . There is nobody in the home that need to use the light . I leave the house for work , but I forgot to turn off the light . The light fade off to save energy . I have just walked into the house . After a late night at work I finally arrive at home . Since I have caused motion in the house , the light turn on for me . The light were off because I wa sleeping , but now someone ha entered . I am taking a nap on the couch , but an intruder walk in the house . The light turn on , alerting me of movement in my home . The light should n't be turning on at this time . I am relaxing at night in my room , when the light turn on in the front room . I find that the light turned on because someone approached my front door . While reading I notice light turn on that should n't be on . The light are off in the living room at night , but then turn on . The light in the living room turned on because my neighbor came by to ask for a favor . There is not much movement in the room . My and my wife are not doing much besides just cuddling and watching some tv . The light in the living room dim because it 's night and there is not much activity going on . There wa not much action going on in the room before I had arrived . The living room light were dim while my wife wa watching tv , but I have entered the room to put together some IKEA furniture . The light were dim in the living room , but due to my constant movement while putting furniture together , the light have increased their brightness so that I can better see what I am doing . The TV make enough noise for the smart home not automatically turn off the light , accompanied with the shuffling of the sleeping person in the room . Someone fall asleep in the sofa/bed of that room and leaf the TV on . The smart home should work in unison with the TV , and adjust it so that if there 's no movement in the room for an allotted set of time it should turn itself off . There 's an auto sensor put in the cat door , pet door/room . A pet walk into the dark room . A preset light configuration will turn on just for them . User ha preset a schedule for the Watching TV '' desired lighting configuration . '' Dim lighting-Watching TV preconfiguration for an extended time . The lighting will completely turn off- or might work in conjunction with the TV and turn both of them or at least set a timer on the TV a well . User ha set a routine/configuration when he 's outside the house or asleep , alongside some camera outside that are connected to the smart lighting . A potential intruder '' ha been outside the house for too long a ha been the light turned on by the activity outside . '' The light are off . I walk into the room normally . I walk into a room in my house . The smart light sens my movement in the room and the light turn on . The smart light is set to automatically off the light after 20 minute of no movement . I leave a room for a few minute to grab a snack , and then come right back . The light stay on and do not fade off . I have been gone all day . The light are off . I come home and walk into my house . The smart light sense my movement and turn on the light . The light are off . The No one else is home . I am not home . My cat walk into a room . The smart light recognizes the movement is too small , and correctly doe not turn on the light . It is day light outside . There is movement outside my home . The smart light do not turn on because it is not night time outside . It is dark outside . I am not home . A person is sneaking around outside my house . The smart light sense the movement and turn on some light . I am sitting in my favorite reading chair that the smart sensor recognize a a place I read book at . I sit down and begin to read a book . The light dim a bit and create an atmosphere perfect for reading . It is daylight and the sun is shining inside the room . I open the curtain in the room . The smart light recognizes the natural lighting from outside illuminating the room , and turn off the extra light . The smart light recognizes the computer room a a room that need the light to have a yellowish tint to accommodate watching a monitor for long hour . I begin to use the computer in the computer room . The smart light dims and yellow the light to reduce eye strain . Sensor identified there is no movement or noise.in the room It is night time . I left from my room . Lights are automatically dimmed . It 's night time and no one is home . A squirrel run past my window . The smart light recognizes the movement outside is too small , and the light do not turn on . It 's night time and no other sound are heard . I 'm reading a book in bed . The light should cut off after a certain amount of time . There is no movement in the room after I left the room . I wa in the room and went out of the room . The smart home should automatically fade off the light in that room , so a to save energy . There is no movement and noise in the room after a preconfigured time I came in the room and went to bed directly and after some time fell asleep . The smart home should fade off or turn off the light in the room . There is no movement or very little movement while sleeping and snoring noise . I wa in room and fell asleep after some time , but there is some noise in the room ( snoring ) . The smart home should automatically turn off the light in that room . The smart home should detect activity . I came in to the room while the door wa open . The smart home should turn on the light . There will be some movement in the room a intruder will enter in the room . The room is dark ( light off ) and some intruder came in the room in stealthy manner . The smart home should detect the activity and should turn on the light . There will be activity of door getting opened . The room is locked and someone open the door . The smart home should detect the activity and turn on the light . There is some movement outside home . It is dark outside and a dog come near to the house . The smart home should automatically turn on some light . It is raining and darker outside . Lights should vary in brightness depending on the time of day . More light should be on . And they should be bright . There is some movement outside house . It is dark outside and a vehicle ( car ) come in front of the house and halt there . The smart home should recognize the activity and turn on the some light . A person come to your door . Lights should turn on at night when someone walk to your front door . The light go on so she feel welcome . There is some movement outside home but there is no intruder . It is dark outside and the wind get stronger and it cause some movement like movement of plant , tree and other thing . The smart home should turn on very few light or specific light for specific time period . There is a change in the activity . I am in my room and I start reading book . The smart home should recognize the activity and should turn on the desired lighting . It should make room feel cosy but provides enough light to read by . I am working and occupied only small portion of the room . My room is somewhat bigger and I am working on laptop while sitting in one corner of the room . The smart home should recognize the activity and turn on desired lighting for the activity while turn off the remaining light . There is movement outside home when the object approach near house . It is dark outside and someone throw some object ( stone , ball ) towards house . The smart home should automatically turn on some light after recognizing the movement . There will be movement and noise in the room for some time . There is no one in the room and the clock start ringing with cuckoo sound and movement . The smart home should not turn on the light to save the energy . There is party going on in the house . There is loud noise of music in the house and large number of people are present in the house . The smart home should optimize the lighting for the party like more flashy light and make it colorful . There is change in activity . While watching movie in the room the mobile phone start ringing and it is on the table next to sofa . The smart home should focus light on mobile phone . No authorized movement If there is no movement or noise inside the home Lights should be fade off after some point of time to save energy The door sensor should recognize authorized entry If you walk inside the room The light should turn on There is some unknown person moving outside the room If some unauthorized movement outside the home Light should turn on outside to threat them .And the owner should receive live cctv video to his smart phone recognizing some authorized movement If some one is watching tv or doing any activity which no need light Light should turn on depend upon particular activity The phone call unexpectedly turn into a long conversation . The room is left unattended for an extended period of time . An individual assumingly temporarily leaf the room to answer a phone call . The smart home successfully detects the unoccupied room after the preconfigured period of time ha passed , and appropriately turn off the light . Most of the room that the cat traverse are currently unoccupied and unlit . A house cat is prowling around the home . The smart home system successfully detects this cat a a pet , avoiding a needle waste of energy a it properly decides against engaging room lighting . The light should fade from bright to dark in a couple second . I have left a room and it ha been unoccupied for quite some time . The light should be completely turned off . The light should turn on a soon a it detects movement , also for safety reason in case someone is trying to break in . I want into a dark room in my house . The light turn on . The porch and back light should automatically come on to let anyone/anything know that someone is awake even if they might be sleeping . A movement from the front/backyard is detected . The porch/backyard light turn on . The light should detect what task I am doing to give off a certain type of light that is more fitting to what I 'm doing . I turn on the TV in my living room . The light dim a bit from the regular set up . Only this individual is present in the room . The individual sleep soundly . An Individual inadvertently drift off to sleep in a lit room . The smart home now detects the lack of movement or substantial noise occurring within this room , and successfully disables the lighting , efficiently saving energy . Dan make lot of movement while sleeping . My good friend Dan is my guest today . He is sleeping in the guest room . The light should not turn on automatically every time he make a move while sleeping . The light use sensor to determine that the movement is from a small animal and not a person . A small animal approach the house . The light do not turn on . I and few of my friend were already in the room watching TV . So the light were dim . One of my friend enters the room . The light should not become brighter because a new person ha entered the room . The lamp besides the chair ha sensor to recognize when a person is sitting in the reading chair . A person sits in a designated reading '' chair. `` The lamp besides the reading chair turn on . Pedestrians are always walking by till late in the night . I live in a busy neighborhood . The light should not keep turning on and off every time someone pass by , making is obvious for the real intruder what is going on . One of the reader need brighter light than the other reader for a comfortable reading experience . Two people are reading book in the same room . The smart light should not accommodate one , but not the other . John snore loudly while sleeping or he got a flu and coughing while sleeping . This time my good friend John is sleeping . The light should not turn on every time John make a 'noise ' . There is no noise or movement in the room for an extended period of time . A person fall asleep on the couch and ha been quietly dozing in the room for an hour . The room should fade off the light . The smart home should turn on light in the room when it detects movement , even someone moving slowly and quietly . A person is trying to be quiet and slowly tiptoe into a dark room . The room should automatically turn on light . It is not dark outside , but a person is making movement outside the home . A person walk through the backyard . It is in the afternoon . The smart home should not automatically turn on light . The smart home is programmed to dim the lighting when the TV is on . A person turn off the television in the room . The light in the room are no longer dimmed . The room sens movement in the room . I walk into the dark room . The light should turn on . No one is in the bedroom and ha not entered it in some time and it is quiet . I leave the bedroom to enter the living room . The light should fade off . I 'm not moving or making a sound , except breathing and maybe snoring , for an hour . I fall asleep on the living room couch . If the time is le than an hour , the light should fade after the preconfigured time . I get off late from work , it 's already dark out and no light were left on in the house . I walk into the entry hallway . The light should turn on . I 'm barely moving , but occasionally turning a page . I 'm not making any noise . I 'm reading a book in the room . The light stay on . There is movement and it is dark outside . My friend walk outside after dark . The light should automatically turn on . 30 second later , there is no movement I leave the room The light begin to shut off . My motion is detected . I walk into a room to watch TV The light come on . The room is empty and there is music playing , which stop . The radio stop playing . The light turn off . Movement is detected by the house . A robber look at my house and approach a window . A light shine on where the movement is . The home detects that the television ha been turned on . I turn on the TV . The light slightly dim . The room is dark and no people are home , but the cat walk in . A cat enters the room . The light do n't turn on because the cat is n't a person . The driver set the package by the front door , it is dark out already and no one is home , thus no light are on inside the house . A package is being delivered late . The light should turn on in the room where the movement can be heard . The room is dark and a toddler walk in . A small child enters the room . The light turn on . It 's dark and a branch fall from a tree near the house , creating movement . A branch fall from a tree in the yard . The light turn on . The smart house ha been programmed to increase the brightness of the room starting at 7:00PM . However , it wa just Daylights Saving Time so all the clock changed by an hour . It is 7:00PM . The smart house should change the lighting at the appropriate time . It is n't dark out , and someone is walking around near the house . Someone is walking in the yard during the day . The light do n't turn on . The lighting is configured to be brighter for cooking and dimmer for dining . I finish cooking and sit down to eat . The light dim . The light are set to be dimmer while I 'm using the computer . I turn off my computer and start reading a book . The light get brighter . I lay on my bed and begin reading a book . I walk into the bedroom . The light should turn on but be somewhat dim . There is no one inside the room , and there are no movement or noise . I left the room to go to a different room . A few second have passed . The light in the room will turn off since there wa no response nor is there a person in the room . The room sensor detected movement based on the first step and register it . The person approach the room and take a step inside . The light will turned on for the room because there wa movement . There wa movement based on the area of the sensed movement . Person approach the house within a certain radius . The light will shine brightly in that area in response of the movement . The person presence will turn on the light . If it is day time and there are window , the light are n't brightly lit up . If it 's a in a room with no window for natural light . then the light will be bright . The room will sense the brightness based on gps time location to determine if it 's day time or night time . The person approach the room and doe an activity . The light will adjust accordingly based on gps location to tell what time it is . If there is a TV turned on , it will response to the noise and determine it should dim the light a bit . It is the time when the light can dim , there is no movement in the room for a certain duration of time . I walk out of the room , but my cat stay in the room and later start moving around . The light dim , but later turn back on . Entering the room and waiting a couple second will determine that there is a presence in the room . I enter the room . The room will turn on the light because it detected a presence . The room will turn on the light when it sense a person entering the room . I enter the dark room . The room will light up automatically once it ha detected the presence of a person in the room . It is the predetermined time for the light to dim . I walk out of the room , but leave a fan going on in the room . The light do not dim . The cat is in the kitchen eating The cat leaf the living room and go to the kitchen to eat Unless something can be done to prevent the smart home from responding to the movement of a pet , the light will come on . I 'm already home , so I will set a timer . It 's night time and there are movement outside but everyone is inside the house . There are people around the house during night time . The light outside the house will light up and shine brightly automatically when it detects movement and a presence around a certain radius of the house because I have set up a timer at night . Since it 's my house , I would be aware of how to navigate to my front door and not have to snoop around . Rabbits would be more secure from predator if there wa lighting , but not enough to scare them away Many rabbit enter our yard at night A certain level of lighting would come on when it detected the presence of a rabbit in the yard , and a brighter perimeter of lighting would assist in preventing predator from entering the area The family dog head for his water bowl in the middle of the night . The family dog . The light in that room should not turn on and wake everyone up . It 's dark and it 's night time . I want to watch a movie but not in the dark . There are many activity to do in the room also . I enter the dark room to watch TV . The light will turn on in the room but then it will adjust accordingly when it sens any other activity in the room . Such a movie night , it will dim the light . Or reading a book in a certain spot of the room will have it shine a bit more brightly on that part . If there 's more people , then it will brighten up the room but if the group of people want to play a board game then by sensing the motion of the body , it will adjust the light . A person enters the room and proceeds toward one of the item . The living room contains a TV and a desk When a person enters the living room and proceeds toward the desk , brighter light would come on . When a person proceeds toward the TV , a dim light would come on The child wake up in the middle of the night and wanders around the house to eventually end up in the parent room . A small child wake up in the middle of the night . A limited amount of light should come on so the child will not be afraid or trip over anything . It is dark outside . There is a stray or lost animal outside of my house . The some of the light turn on in response . The neighbor dog or any small animal wanders into your yard in the middle of the night . The neighbor dog . The light should not turn on and wake everyone up . The light should dim for me to watch television , but not for my partner who is reading . I am watching television , but my partner is reading a book beside me . The light dim in response to the television . An occupant is reading in the corner while the rest of the family is watching a movie on tv . An occupant need more lighting . The lighting is able to adjust in certain area of the house so that the corner where the person is reading ha more light than the area where the family is watching a movie . There is no movement or noise in the kitchen . I step out of the kitchen and enter the living room . The smart home fade off the light in the kitchen . Sound or movement doe not meet a minimum threshold . A pet is present or other ambient sound or movement occurs . Lights automatically fade . The room will turn on the light based on an already learned difference between people or pet . The room will turn on the light to a lower level for pet . This can be overridden with a voice command . A pet enters the room . The room will light up when the room detects a person or pet , and adjust the brightness accordingly . IR motion detection is specifically masked to only detect motion at a minimum height . Pet walk into room . Light doe not automatically turn on . IR motion detection is specifically masked/directed to detect motion in nearby/vulnerable area . Car pass by on nearby road . Lighting is not automatically turned on . No one is in the room . The person move out of the room to get some snack from outside shop . There is no movement or voice in a room for the set time . Hence , smart home should fade off the light . The system will determine if it is an animal or person approaching the property . If the system detects an animal , the light will remain off , or small , low power sidewalk lighting will illuminate . If it is a person , the outside light will light up , and the interior will light up in stage , to simulate a person waking up and turning light on . A small animal approach the property after a set hour . The exterior will light up depending on an animal or person , and if a person , the interior will light up in stage . Television activation is detected by smarthub through remote sensor , perhaps ZigBee detection of current drop from power receptacle . Television is turned on . Lighting is dimmed in medium viewing room . Smart home sense the movement and noise of the footstep . It is dark and the person enter the room . Smart home automatically turn the light ON . Smart home sens the motion , movement and noise from the outside . If the person enters with a wrong intention for a theft or burglary and he is outside waiting for the right time to strike . It automatically switch on the light to scare away the intruder . soft sound just barely meet the threshold i walk through the house late at night for a snack . i would like a little light . i am walking softly in slipper the light come on but they are dim . the light sound should not turn on the light a small cat is running through my year the light stay off If an elderly person is alone and fall but ca n't get up because she is injured . If someone fall . The light come on due to a voice command . A parent enters a room to check on a sleeping child . A parent enters a room . The parent is able to command the light to stay off so that the child will not wake up . Sit on the couch and then I start to work on my crossword puzzle . I enter the living room . The light should be bright enough for me to be able to see the letter in my book . The sensor should be able to sense how much natural light is in the room . I walk into a room during daylight Lights should not turn on if room is already brightly lit . There is a time setting for movement late at night or early in the morning to change the level of light It 's night time and I need to go to the bathroom or kitchen The light should only come on dim during bedtime hour . Smart home recognises that the weight of the shelve ha reduced or the book ha been withdrawn . A person ha stepped forward to take a book from his shelf in order to read it . A bright light is switched on automatically to give a good reading experience . A sensor near the door to recognize that it is someone from inside leaving the house . I go out to walk the dog . The light should stay on until it sens that I have come back in . The room is dark a I enter . I go into the laundry room . The light automatically turn on when they sense me walk in the laundry room . I walk through the house with my hand full a light are off in each room . I am carrying plate of food to two bedroom . As I enter each room the smart light sense me and turn on . As he approach the house the light are off . My boyfriend come home late from work . The smart light sense his movement and automatically turn on . the room sens movement i walk into the room the light come on the house sens movement a person walk up to the side of the house at dark the house turn onl ights to scare away person room sens tv turn on tv in room room dims light for watching tv the room sens the stove is on turn on the stove the room turn light bright for cooking and reminder that stove is on alarm make noise and even though no movement room detects noise leave phone with alarm set room light come on because of noise I get out of bed and walk toward the door . I wake up in the middle of the night to go get a glass of water . The light should come on when I move toward the door . The burglar should n't be coming toward the house . A cat burglar stalk toward my house at 3AM . The outside light come on when his movement near the home is detected . The light are set to be very bright when people are in the dining room at night . The kid go into the dining room to sit down and do homework . The house detects the kid and turn on the light to maximum brightness . Five minute after leaving the room the system notice no one need light I enter a room and make some noise like talking then I leave the room . The light turn off The system register that someone is walking into the room A person trigger sensor on a doorway . The light turn on . A sensor is tripped by the motion A car pull in the driveway . Lights turn on outside The system know that that person is eating A person cook food at the stove . The light by the kitchen table turn on The system doe n't hear or notice sound or movement A dog wonder in the room and then sleep The light turn off The system know someone is walking in Come home from work and open the door The light turn on if after sunset The system know someone is outside A person walk up to the house The spot light turn on The system know you are winding down for the night Lay down in bed and turn the tv on Overhead light turn off and a desk light is turned on T.V is still running , thus the system can still hear noise I wa watching T.V but I felt asleep after some time Lights wo n't fade out . The system hears no noise I am reading a book silently without making any noise It turn off the light after some time . The system sens movement My dog ran into a dark room The light turn on The system sens it I come back home after a busy day It turn on the light The system sens it A dog is roaming near my house It turn on the light The system sens it I parked my car in the garage after coming from work It turn on the light The system sens the voice I am reading a book verbally It brightens the intensity of light The system sense that we are watching TV ( but wa actually not ) I turned on the T.V , but there wa enough time for my program to air . So , I started reading without turning off the T.V It turned off the intensity light and turned on only the dim light I am away from the living room long enough to trigger the application . I leave the living room to cook dinner in the kitchen . The light should fade off . The living room did not lack movement to meet the preconfigured time . I leave the living room for the kitchen to cook dinner . I pop back into the living room after a few minute to pick up an item . Lights should not fade because of renewed movement in the living room . no movement for half an hour movement turn light off someone talking or opening a door or making other sound someone enters the room light automaticly turn on a person is walking into the room pressure on floor light turn on sensor indicate a person ha moved out of the room and no one is left inside no movement or person leaf room light turn off a person or animal body heat is detected heat sensor a spotlight is pointed at the source of heat a drone is heard roaming into the property sound a spotlight directs towards the sound a movie ha been selected and is starting watching television light are dimmed The noise from the stereo will not meet the requirement to fade the light in the living room . I leave the living room to cook dinner in the kitchen for 30 minute . I have the stereo playing in the living room so that I can listen to music while I cook . Ideally the living room light should fade in this scenario . But , the noise from the stereo will keep the light on . someone sits at a workstation to work on a project sitting at a desk or workstation light are brightened so that the person ha enough light to focus on the work at hand Noise from the living room can be heard in the kitchen . This doe not meet the requirement to fade off the light . I play my stereo in the living room so that the music can be heard in other room of the home . I head into the kitchen ( near the living room ) briefly to pick up an item and then I go back to the living room for an hour . Ideally , the light in the kitchen should fade off . But the noise from the living room may be loud enough to keep the light in the kitchen on . The movement is not from an authorized person . A thief or pet , move in a room . Lights do not turn on , and light still fade at preconfigured time from movement of authorized movement . The thief and/or pet is unauthorized . A thief or pet go into a room . Lights will not turn on . Non human movement . Insects or animal move around outside . Lights should not turn on . Power is still on , but home owner and authorized guest ( s ) want a candle lit experience . Candles are lit . Light 's turn off a preconfigured number of candle become lit . My bedroom is now empty and ha been for the last ten minute . I left my bedroom ten minute ago and no one else is inside it . The smart home should fade the light in the room . If I am still in the room , the light should not turn off , even if I am still and quiet . I am reading a book in my bedroom . There is nothing creating noise . The smart home should be able to detect that there is still a person in the room , whether by heat sensing technology or other , and should keep the light on even if there is a lack of noise or movement . A person is in the room but is not moving or making noise . I am sleeping in my bedroom . If I am sleeping , no change should be made by the smart home to the setting I last made to the lighting . My dog is not a person and should not be authorized to change lighting . My dog walk into the bedroom while I am sleeping . An animal entering the room should not stimulate the system to turn on the light . A person walking into a room . My 5 year old daughter walk into our bedroom . A person entering a room , even a small one , should trigger the system to turn on the light . Movement outside the home from small animal should not trigger the light . A cat run across the lawn . The light will not turn on for every animal that move near the house . Movement outside of the house . I open my car door in the driveway . The driveway light should turn on with this type of movement . Lighting need to be increased for reading . I am reading a book . The light should be a high a possible . The light should be turned up when someone is in the kitchen , including the light over the stove . I am cooking in the kitchen . The light in the kitchen should be turned up a bright a possible , while the light in the surrounding area ( dining room , living room ) should be turned down so long a there is no movement in them . There is no one in the room . There is no movement within a room after a pre-configured time . The light in the room turn off . There is a person in the room , sitting still and reading . There is no movement or noise in the room for a pre-configured period of time . The light in the room incorrectly turn off . There is a light sensor outside that determines there is insufficient light outside because it is dusk There is insufficient light outside , it is dusk . Predetermined light inside the house turn on . It is night A rat or other similarly sized vermin move through the room The system should continue fading off the light and not reactivate Night time during a storm A lightning strike and accompanying thunder The system should not reactivate the light and remain off during inclement weather night time A man walk into the room the light should come on slowly a not to blind him night time , the house is occupied A person approach the house exterior but not interior light should turn on night time , the house is occupied A stray cat , raccoon or similarly sized animal approach the house The owner of the system should have control over whether a stimulus of this size will trigger exterior light turning on . it is night , the house is completely dark an occupant need to go to the bathroom dim light should fade slowly in in hallway and the bathroom night time , user is engaged in pre-sleep ritual ( teeth brushing , snacking , reading etc . ) The user is getting ready for bed House should start turning off extraneous light and dimming light in bedroom Daytime , enough ambient light to see A person walk into a room during the day The house should n't turn on the light unless prompted The person walk into the room and doe not leave / remains for more than 5 second . They do not touch the light switch . A person walk into a dark / non-lit room . The light in the room should come on . The movement should activate the application . A person walk up to my home and stand in my yard . The outside light come on to illuminate the area where movement is detected . Based on recognizing that the TV is on , the application should be triggered . I turn on a TV show in my living room The light in the living room dim . Based on preconfiguration , turning on the fireplace should activate a lighting level change . I turn on the fireplace in the living room for a cozy atmosphere . The lighting will dim in response to the fireplace activation . The home will recognize that it is dark outside and that there is movement in the kitchen . I enter the kitchen to cook dinner . It is dark outside . The kitchen light will come on , and be set to bright , since there is no natural light outside at this time . The movement of entering the room activates the smart device . I enter a dark bedroom . The light come on immediately so that I can see where I am walking . Since the smart home is programmed to light room upon movement , the application is triggered by the movement of the pet . A pet enters a dark bedroom . The light come on in the room . This is n't a person activating the light , so it may be unnecessary . However , if you program for height you would not include small child in the rule . The movement activates the device . A dog walk onto my property and is sniffing the bush . Lights come on at the area of movement , so that I can see who or what is outside . The dog get scared when the light come on and run off . The light in the den are on . Judith walk from the den to the kitchen and doe n't return to the den within 5 minute . The light in the den will fade after 5 minute of no activity in the room . The bathroom is dark , but the light will turn on when movement is detected . William enters the bathroom at 2:30 am . The bathroom light turn on when William enters . The smart system detects movement outside of the house . A group of teenager approach a house with the intention of rolling it . The outside light come on , and the teenager run away . Simone go to the den to watch Olympic gymnastics on TV , Michael go outside to take a swim , and Rio go to take a shower . A family ha finished dinner and go to various part of the house . The light in the den dim when Simone turn on the TV ; the patio light come on when Michael approach the pool , and the pool light come on when he stand at the edge ; the bathroom light come on when Rio enters , and the shower turn on to the correct temperature when Rio touch the knob . The light in her house automatically fade with no movement in the house . Sarah decided to spend the night at her friend 's house and did not come home . The light turn off . Save Energy If there is no movement or noise . Fade off the light His kitchen light in his smart home turn on the light automatically when he enters a room in his house . Tom decides to get a drink of water in his kitchen . The light turn on when he enters the kitchen . The house is programmed to turn on the light when someone enters the room . It can sense who is in the room based off of their cell phone GPS and adjust light accordingly to preference . The light Tom 's dog run into the kitchen by himself . The light do not turn on since it sens that All light in the house are still on The front door ha been locked for five minute The house turn off all but the front room light to save energy but maintain security The stairwell is dark and hard to see George open the door to a basement stairwell By opening the door , the light come on and give George a path The system will make use of many different sensor , with long range capability . A smart home lighting system will be able to sense any sort of danger in a large radius . Lights automatically turn on when sensing movement within a 10 mile radius Sensors will be able to detect when there is no one in the area . The lighting system will detect when a room is not occupied , and will shut off all light in that room . The light will shut of automatically , saving a lot of energy . The robber doe not have a key fob to show his a authorized A robber approach the front door after 2AM A verbal warning is sounded and the light flash in a strobe pattern A wide variety of sensor will be used to detect movement . A system will detect when one is approaching the perimeter . The house will light up the area , to help the person see their way around . Sensors will detect low source of light , and will increase them . A lighting system will take the area into note , and help increase visibility . Users will be able to see what they are looking at easier . The light are off in each bedroom/bathroom A family is getting ready for bed Mom 's bathroom light are bright a she take off her makeup , the light are pitch back in son 's room because he like it dark , daughter 's room ha dim floor lighting to act a a night light There is no movement for 5 minute No movement The light turn off The car pull into your driveway at night A car pull up to your house The light outside turn on Convenience and Safety If person walk in dark room Turn on light No movement for 5 minute I walk into a room and the light turn on As I am studying I am focused on the material reading and light go off The person want to have some water from the kitchen late in midnight and doe n't want the light to be lit on a full strength rather he prefers a dim light . The person walk into the dark room late in midnight . The sensor will take note of the time , and if it 's late , the strength/brightness of the light would be low . the motion sensor sens when a person walk into the doorway I walk into a room and the light turn on I am rushing into the room and I trip over a bed post because the light did n't turn on in time . The sensor should turn on the light automatically to scare off the intruder but after a while it should automatically turn off in order to save energy . If the movement is done by an animal The light would go off after a while ( 3-5 minute ) . And again light up if there is another movement . When a person walk on the home property the light will turn on A person walk up to the side of the house about 15 foot away The smart home can detect people instead of animal no animal can trigger it . There can be a situation where a person fell in sleep while watching television , so in that case the sensor should also neglect the noise and just consider movement for that . When there is no movement but noise is there . The light would fade off if there is no movement even if there is noise in the room Since the T.V . Is turned on and the motion sensor sense movement . I walk into the room and turn the T.V . on The sensor detect there is le movement while the T.V . is on and will dim after a certain period . Vice versa for when I get up . I have not moved , yet the sensor should detect that someone is still occupying the room . I sit still a I watch tv . Lights should stay on The smart home will change the light color and brightness based on the activity in the room . They are all in different room doing different activity . A family of four get home and start using different electronics . The mother and father go to bed early and the light in the bedroom turn off when the alarm clock is set and the nighttime sound machine is activated . The sister watch TV and the light dim automatically . The brother decides to make some food in the kitchen and the light brighten when he open the refrigerator so he can see what he 's cooking . The sensor should detect that I am moving towards the room I walk into a dark room The light should come on right before or immediately after I enter the room . I am wearing dark clothes a an intruder would but the light should still come on . I approach the house The light should come on immediately . the sensor should detect that I am watching a movie I turn on a movie on the TV the light should automatically dim The light are programmed to turn on when it sens movement . After three incorrect password , the doorknob is programmed to call the police and trigger the alarm . The owner 's cousin stop by late in the evening after being invited . The owner gave his cousin the password so he wa able to successfully enter the house . The leaf and branch are moving because of the wind blowing at night and the light should come on even though there is no intruder . The wind is blowing and cause the tree next to my house to move . The light should automatically turn on because movement wa detected outside . The sensor should detect that I am eating at the dining room table and provide me with bright enough light to see my food . I sit down in the dining room to eat dinner . The light are bright to see the food I am eating . I put something on a shelf such that it wa n't placed all of the way on the shelf and wa balancing when I left the room . The object fall from the shelf causing movement and noise . Something fall off a shelf . The light do n't turn on because there wa no human movement . If there is motion within a preset range of the home Motion is detected after dark . turn on exterior light at that location If motion detector detects motion within acceptable range within interior room of the home Motion detector detects motion in dark room Smart house should activate lighting in the room the motion detector is installed in . After 5 minute of no motion or sound being detected I leave the living room and go to the bedroom . Room light should turn off If no motion is detected within the room during the prescribed time period No motion within a given room for 20 minute Automatically fade light to off '' setting '' My motion is detected I walk into the living room , at night Lights are faded on le activity detected and le sound Motion and sound identifier detect level of room activity Dim light My motorbike is authorized ; it is night time I drive my motorbike towards the garage door Garage door should open . My motorbike is authorized ; it is time I drive my motorbike towards the garage door Garage door should open . I fell asleep on the couch while reading a book . There is no movement during the set period of time . The light should fade off . If noise volume reach a pre-specified level while TV is active Audio sensor detects increased background noise during television show Raise television volume incrementally until it match background audio level I walk in and the kitchen is dark , my hand are full with grocery . I get home from the grocery store and walk into the kitchen . The light turn on from detecting my motion into the room . `` My friend 's car is not authorized . His car is same make , model , and color a my authorized car . It is day time. '' `` My friend drive his car towards my garage door. '' Garage door should open . Object is determined not to be an animal . A medium sized object move to my porch . Turn on foyer light . If the motion is detected above three foot in height but below seven foot Movement detected on exterior of home activate motorized tracking light to follow intrusion '' My car is authorized . Garage door should not close a long a If there is movement outside home when it is dark outside , the smart home should automatically turn on some light , so that potential intruder are scared off. '' `` Once the garage door is open , I drive my car into the garage , but stop it before completely entering the garage.If there is movement outside home when it is dark outside , the smart home should automatically turn on some light , so that potential intruder are scared off. '' `` my car is not completely inside.If there is movement outside home when it is dark outside , the smart home should automatically turn on some light , so that potential intruder are scared off. '' If there is no movement in a given room above a certain height No movement in room above 2 foot in height for extended period of time ( 20 minute ) The system should automatically fade the light to the off '' position '' It is dark outside and a deer walk into the yard . A deer walk into the yard . The light turn on scaring the deer away . `` when they describes the condition in which the stimulus occurs. '' `` in this describes how you initiate the application to react in some way. '' can we describes what you expect the application to do in response to the stimulus . It is daytime TV is turned on . Close curtain and dim light to 20 % If I walk into the bedroom the light will activate , but not if my dog doe . Motion is detected above preset height of 2 foot If motion detected above 2 foot activate light , if below 2 foot do nothing . Kids are playing a game in the room , but then leave to go outside . Kids leave the room After there is no motion or sound , the light turn off . It is night time . The TV is turned on Dim light to 5 % , turn on perimeter night light He is in a room with smart light and is making noise . My friend is walking around the room . The light should stay on . Dog walk into the kitchen Motion detected in kitchen below 2 foot in height , system assumes it is a pet System adjusts lighting from off '' position to 20 % lighting for animal 's convenience . '' I am making no noise or sudden movement . I am standing still in the room for a long period a time . The light should fade off . Command is given Change living room light to soft white '' '' Voice command issued to change lighting color SmartHouse LED bulb adjust in color spectrum to the desired color The smart light are on . The room is empty . After a period of time the light should turn off . I have configured the light to dim and turn blue upon playing any video game . I turn on my Xbox in the living room to play a video game . The light should dim down and turn a blue color . It is night time and all the outdoor light of the house are off . I am walking past my house to go inside . The outdoor light should turn on when I get close to the house . Person A walk down the hall to the kitchen at night triggering the proximity sensor attached to recessed lighting Proximity sensor on the baseboard in hallway detect nearby motion Proximity sensor will activate the light a the person approach each individual light and deactivate each light a the person leaf it 's vicinity The room is dark a no one ha been in it for some time . I walk into a room . The light should turn on . The person is moving around in the room . A person just got up and walked into a room where there are smart light . The light should turn on . The room is dark and I have configured the light to turn on or off when I clap . I clap my hand in a room . The light should turn on . A jogger is running past the house . It is dark outside and nobody is home . Some light should turn on . They put in a movie . People are in a room . The light should dim to a comfortable movie watching brightness . the toddler is not walking but is crawling into the dark room a baby crawl into a dark room the light turn on automatically I am the only one in the room and there is no other movement or noise around me . The TV is off . The preset '' timer for the light is 20 minute . '' I lie very still on the couch for 20 minute , a if I have fallen asleep The light should go out after 20 minute . The living room contains the smart light . No one else is in it . I walk into the dark living room from the kitchen . The light in the living room go on within 5 second once my whole body is in the room . The front door ha a smart light on it . It is otherwise completely dark around the house . I tell 3 of my friend to walk from the street up to the front door . The light should turn on when my friend reach within 3 foot of the front door . It is a cloudy day outside but not completely dark . No one else is in the room with me . I sit in the room reading a book . The light should detect that I am reading and that no other screen are active in the room , and also that it is daytime but not bright and sunny out . So it turn the light to medium-high so that I can see my book well . It is night time outside . No one else is in the room with me . I sit in a room reading a book . The light should detect that I am reading a book , that no other screen or light or active , and that it is dark , so it should turn the light on to Bright . The preconfigured time to fade is 20 minute , and I have only been asleep for 5 . My husband 's movement and screen usage tell the light that there is motion in the room . I fall asleep on the couch . My husband then walk in the room 5 minute later and turn on the TV . I remain asleep . The light should not fade out . There is no movement or noise . The family is away on vacation . The light should turn off . There is movement and noise . I go down to get milk from the fridge . The light should stay on or switch on . The living room , bathroom and hallway are dark . I do not enter the living room . I walk from the kitchen into the bathroom . I have to pas the living room on the way , which contains the smart light . The living room smart light should not activate because I am not in that room . As I enter , I create noise and movement . I come from a night out . The light should turn on . There is movement on the outside of the house . A dog is moving outside of the house . The outside light should turn on . There is a TV running . I start watching a movie on TV . The light should dim . There are smart light on all 4 outside corner of the house . It is dark outside . There wa no movement prior to their running and screaming . I have 3 of my friend run around the house one time screaming . Each smart light should turn on within 5 second of when my friend pas them . I am not moving , and in bed . I lie down to go to sleep . The light should dim until they finally turn off . It is noon on a sunny day . There are smart light on all 4 corner of the house . I have 3 friend run around the house one time screaming . The light should detect that it is daytime and should ignore the movement/noise . The light should not turn on . It is night and dark , I am moving . I wake up to use the bathroom . The light should turn on in the room which I enter . It is night and dark , there is movement outside . Someone is trying to open a window from outside . The spot light on that side of the house should turn on to scare away the intruder . There is no longer any movement or noise . I leave for work in the morning . The light automatically fade off . We are not moving but we are talking in normal voice . The TV and radio are off and we are not looking at our phone . My husband and I sit on the couch talking for half an hour . The light should detect our voice and should NOT turn off until we are silent . The living room contains the smart light . It is bright and sunny outside and the living room is illuminated by the sun . I walk into the living room from the kitchen . The light should detect that the room is not dark , so the light should not activate . It 's late evening , I do n't move while sleeping I fall asleep while reading on the bed The light fade and I sleep through the night . There is movement for a few minute and then no movement for a while . I walk into the house and then walk out . The light turn on and then turn off . The bathroom light is left on a I forget to turn it off after preparing for work and rushing out the door . I 'm late for work and have to run out the door The light fade in the bathroom after no movement is detected for a period of time . I am motionless , however the TV is bright and is showing movement on the screen a I watch it . I 'm watching TV in the evening and relaxing on the couch The light should not fade a I 'm in the room and the TV is being used , even though I 'm mostly motionless . It is dark outside and there is movement from the person knocking on the door . Someone knock on the front door . The light turn on outside , allowing the person to be seen . It 's the middle of the night , I ca n't see where I 'm going clearly . I get up from bed to use the bathroom triggering nighttime motion detector . The bathroom light turn on so I do n't stumble in the dark bathroom . It 's dark because it wa an evening movie , I need to get inside . I 'm just arriving home from a movie and entering the house through my garage . When the door is opened , it triggeres a sensor that light up the kitchen . As I step through the door from the garage to the kitchen , the light come on so I can make my way through the house turning thing on at night . It 's late at night , the light are all off on the back patio . Someone is snooping around the back door of my home Motion detection turn on the back light implying to the prowler that they 've been seen , so they run away . Conditions : 1.It is dark 2 , Motion is within a set distance for home ( distance set by owner during setup ) 3 . Motion is noted BOTH above and below a set height above ground level ( height set by owner during setup ) to eliminate small animal and dog , cat , and wind moving branch or bush . Motion is detected outside the home . System turn on outside light in the area movement is detected . Lights should remain on for some time after movement stop . These creature like to dig up and eat plant from the area where I keep my garden . There are lot of small , hungry creature that live in or around my backyard where I have lot of flower planted . The nighttime motion detection trigger light that scare off the squirrel or rabbit a they get close to the vegetation near my backyard garden . It is dark outside . The light is set to optimize for whichever activity requires the most light . So if other activity are taking place that require dim light but one activity requires Bright , it default to Bright . I sit in the room and watch TV . My husband is next to me reading a book . Our son is on the floor playing Legos . The light should optimize for activity that require the most lighting . Thus , it should detect that someone in the room is reading or trying to see toy , and also that it is dark outside . So the light should turn on to Bright . The TV is preparing to play me theatrical content and I 'm watching from the nearby couch . The TV is turned on and/or the Netflix application on my Smart TV is launched . The light are dimmed like a movie theater to allow just enough light for me to see my surroundings while not detracting form the image on the screen during the movie . I 'm preparing to cook and I can use light focused down from the higher microwave to illuminate the stove where I 'm cooking to better see what I 'm doing . The stove or oven burner or lighter are turned on from the off position . The light over the stove slowly turn on and illuminates the area where I 'll be cooking and preparing food , which I 've indicated by turning on the stove or burner . At this hour , I 'm likely to be asleep soon . The light hue should change to accommodate a cool down period for my eye before I actually close them to go to sleep . I 'm in the bedroom and it 's late in the evening , motion detector notice that I 'm heading toward or sitting on or lying on the bed . Lights are dimmed and switched to a low , warm red hue that is easier on the eye and le straining before I lie down to go to sleep . These few minute on this light color will allow me to relax and better attain deep sleep when I 'm ready . It 's not often that I 'm in the attic , I do n't know my way around nor do I know where most thing are located . I need to be able to see the entire attic a I 'm first entering . I enter the attic through the collapsible door to retrieve some thing from storage . Motion sensor in the attic detect movement , which is unusual for the attic , and illuminate the room so I can see where I 'm going and get to the storage item I need . No one wa inside a room for last few minute There is no one there in my son 's bedroom for last few minute The light should be turned off . The room light are in switched off mode and a person entered the room My little daughter entered a dark room in our home The light should be turned on immediately Conditions : 1. no motion above height set by owner during setup and no sound for a period of time set by owner during setup . 2. motion below height set by owner during setup with or without sound to account for pet . 3. time set by owner pass without condition 1. occurring . Condition 2 requires no action . No motion or sound in room for some period of time . Room .light should fade to off if condition met . Someone is outside the home at night Someone from our neighborhood is walking towards our home Some of the outside light should be turned on The activity is specified and brightness should be adjusted My little daughter is watching her favorite cartoon show on the TV Dim the light to a minimum level to enhance the TV watching There is no movement or noise inside the room My spouse is sleeping in our bedroom The light should be turned off Someone entered the room and it 's a dark room I walked back after entering my dark room partially for a second to take something I need from outside The light should be turned on There is movement outside and it 's day time I went outside the home for feeding my dog and it wa not dark outside Lights should not be turned on . An activity that required very bright lighting and it ; s night time My son is son is doing his homework and the brightness is the best for this situation The brightness should be increased to a suitable level . The light creates movement in my room '' No one or nothing is in my room , a light source shine into my room My light start to turn off The light were turned off , it is dark I walk into my room The light turn on automatically There is movement outside my house , it is dark outside A cat wanders in front of my house Lights turn on A specific room ha ha no movement in it . I am watching TV and stay still for a long time . Lights fade off in this room . It is night time I am playing video game in my room I choose the preconfigured setting to a gaming mode so my eye do n't get strained Specific room ha light off and censor to detect movement . Person walk into room . Lights turn on . It 's dark outside . Movement outside . Outdoor light are turned on . I am in the dining room and there is a preset for eating . I sit down to eat . Lights turn to bright day light . It is dark outside and I come home from work . I walk into the yard . I come home from work late at night . When I walk into the yard my motion is detected and the light turn on . It is dark outside . The porch ha 2 smart light on it . The light are pre-set to turn off after 5 minute of inactivity . I sit outside on the porch , not talking but just reading Facebook on my phone . The light should activate when I first come outside and sit down . After I sit for 5 minute , the light should turn off . It is noon and the sun is shining into the house such that no reading light would be required . I am sitting on the couch reading Facebook on my phone but I am not making noise or moving . The light should detect both that I am looking at a screen and that it is daylight , so it should not activate . There is movement and activity in the kitchen . I am cooking in the kitchen . The light should brighten and take on a natural light color . There is movement inside the house . The house is dark , I ca n't see well , and I could bump into thing I come home from a late night out . The light should turn on . When i walk into a room the light senor detect my movement and automatically turn on the light . Automatic light system . When i leave a room the light sensor do not detect any movement , so hey turn off . When i sit on a toilet the sensor recognizes me and track my movement . Automatic toilet When i sit up fro the toilet it automatically flush after 20 second . My dog ha an authorized collar . My dog enters and exit the room due to playing . The room light turn on to a certain brightness and certain camera turn on . The sensor detects that no one is in the room . Another light seems to turn on in the room . The light turn on to a certain brightness . The animal is not wearing an authorized collar An animal is prowling around the perimeter ; the animal sometimes come in and out of the perimeter of the house The light turn on and stay on for a certain amount of time ; there may be an alert that go on inside the house warning something is outside The light in my room recognize I have stop moving . I fall asleep while reading The light slowly fade off in the house based on a default dim setting I 've chosen for each room . The smart home light is configured to increase in brightness , with increase movement . I wake up to start my day . The smart home light fade on a low dim , and increase to full brightness after I 'm fully awake , and moving into the main house . The item do not have any authorization There are other light in the room that are flickering on and off due to a project The light dim and stay dim to a certain brightness The light blink three time , then stay on . I see my light flash on outside . This alert notifies me that an intruder bigger than a rodent is outside . When my house get to cold the system detects it and turn on the heat . Temperature monitor . When my house get to hot the system detects it and turn on the AC.. Ste the temperature to my desired degree on my water heater . Manually set temperature on water heater Having my water steadily heated at my desired temperature alleviates the risk of being scolded by hot water from the sink or shower . It is my first time in my house in more than a few hour . I walk into a dark room after work . The light switch on to full brightness in each room that I enter . No movement detection from large object over 50 pound . I go to bed for the night . The light dim and turn off . No motion detected in house and motion detected indicating leaving home . I leave the house . Lights dim and turn off . Motion detected heading to dark room or in dark room . I start walking to a room that is currently dark . Lights in room turn on . Motion detected from object outside . Motion outside from object larger then a small cat . Turn on outdoor light . Detect TV playing from sound and direct input . I am watching TV . Dim light in room . Detect movie through sound and smart TV connects . I am watching a movie . Enable Phillips hue ( or similar product ) and dim the light . My movement get detected . I walk near my porch at night . Outside light turn on . Smart home high rate of activity . I start exercising in the living room . Brightness of light increase so I can see what I 'm doing better . Smart home detects no movement . I lay down in bed . Lights fade and then turn off . Smart home detects I 'm reading and turning page in book . I 'm laying on the couch reading . Smart home doe n't dim light . Smart home detects that I want to relax . I start listening to relaxing music . Lights become dim and change color to create a relaxing experience . My smart home authorizes no one in that room I get out of the room.There is no movement or noise in a room . Lights fade off in that room My friend 's movement wa authorized . My friend enters into a dark room light should turn on in that room The stranger 's movement outside home wa authorized A stranger walk across my home . The light should turn on outside home my friend 's activity in that room is authorized Once my friend entered into the room , he fall asleep . Light is become dim . It is late at night , and the dog is n't authorized . A stray dog enter my property , trigger the smart home system . The smart home turn on some light to scare off the dog . I am authorized by the system . The action is le than five second . The room is dark . I enter the room , grab something I needed and then leave the room immediately . The smart home should turn on the light for me and then turn it off after I leave . My friend is not authorized by the smart home system . It 's late at night . My friend decides to give me a surprise visit late at night . He enters my property without me knowing . Light closest to my friend 's location , a well a the one around my location should turn on to notify me of someone 's presence . Five people is in the room , in their seat and a movie mode ha been pre-set in the smart home system . Everyone is in their seat and I turn on a movie in the living room . The light in the room should dim to the pre-set level . No one is at home so there is no movement in the house . There is no one in the house , but the alarm clock go off and beep for hour . The light should dim despite the alarm clock keep beeping . My friend is n't authorized . My friend enters a dark room in my house . The smart home should not response to my friend 's movement . The motion detector so not detect any movement and determine no one is in the room Someone is reading in bed , being quite still The light dim , despite someone being in the room The slow movement is recognized a different than faster dancing People are slow dancing , and this type of motion is noticed by home The light dim or go to a preset unique level System set to not come on automatically for authorized user Homeowner walk across lawn at night , it is getting pretty dark System doe not turn off light , even though motion detected No human is in the house but a cat . The cat is not authorized by the system Everyone in the family get out of the house , leaving the pet alone indoor . The smart home should fade the light after a while . There is nobody in the room to authorize . An airplane fly low overhead or a loud car drive by the house . The light should remain dim despite there being a noisy presence in the area . The person is authorized . A person enters and exit the room numerous time over a very short duration . The light should turn on stay on for the duration that the person enters and exit the room without turning off too quickly . The guard dog is authorized . The guard dog move to a different position in front of the house . The smart home should not turn on light since the guard dog is authorized . The user 's activity is authorized . An authorized user is sitting down and playing video game on the video game console . The system gradually dims the light in the living room to the minimum level . The user is authorized . The user get up off of the couch or a chair while watching TV or playing video game . The system should brighten the light just enough for the user to see around them . The user are authorized . Users are dancing to dance music or a video game like Dance , Dance Revolution . The system start turning the light on and off in an alternating , strobe-like fashion . It is night time and dark outside . A person walk up to my front porch . The porch light should turn on automatically . No one else wa already in the kitchen . The kitchen light are off . It is dark in my kitchen . I walk into my kitchen . The kitchen light should turn on so that I can see what I 'm doing . The airplane is not authorized but beyond the maximum trigger distance . An airplane fly over the house . The light should not come on since the airplane is not a potential intruder . It 's night time and dark outside . It 's windy outside and the tree near my house are blowing back and forth . The light should turn on once , then stay on until the motion stop completely for 5 minute or more . They should not come on and off every time the tree move . It is night time , the interior room of the house are dark , everyone is asleep . My cat stay out at night and walk from her bed to the litterbox , then to get water in the other room . The light sensor should recognize a small animal moving instead of a person . The light should not turn on every time my cat move to another room so the light do n't waste energy and wake up people sleeping in adjacent room . The room is a contained entity bounded by door and wall . There is no noise or movement from humans/animals/television . Negative stimulus - there is no activity or noise in the room for a specified amount of time . The light will fade off in same room after the specified amount of time ha lapsed . The illuminated tree is not an authorized object but is not an intruder . Kids in a room play with flashlight . The flashlight beam strike a tree outside . The system doe not turn on the light . The system should not interpret someone shining light onto outside object a outside movement . The room is a contained entity bounded by door and wall , one of the door is open . There is no activity or noise within the room for a period of time however faint noise present in adjacent room The light will fade off in same room after the specified amount of time ha lapsed . It is night , the room is contained within wall but open to other room . No one else is in the room and the light are off . A teenager attempt to circumvent the automatic light by crawling through the livingroom to avoid detection . The sensor detect the moving person and turn on . It is dark outside , the light are off and there is no other significant movement . A potential burgler approach the house crouched and very slowly Lights should automatically turn on to scare off the potential intruder . The room is fully contained and function a a home gym . The user enters the room and begin a yoga routine . The light turn on , dim slightly and take on a slightly yellowish hue . The person is reading a book or Kindle and is not moving but need light . A person is in the room but is not moving . The person may need to make a verbal command to the system to tell it that he or she is reading , so that the light do n't go out when he or she doe n't move . The person is likely going to be working and will need brighter light . A person enters a room and sits at a desk . The lighting enhances and focus on the workspace around the desk . It is light out and I do n't need to see the room brightly , just pas through them . I walk through various room on my way to my final destination . The system should recognize that I am passing through and should light the room in an energy-efficient , le bright manner . The light sense that it is not a person . A cat move through the yard . The light do n't turn on . The light know that I 've left . I walk out of the room . The light turn off . The light sense the TV ha went on . I turn the TV on . The light dim to a darker setting . The light sense it is not a person . A cat walk into the room . The light do n't turn on . It 's night time and dark outside . A son or daughter in the family try to leave the house at night without permission . The light turn on , alerting the parent to the teenager 's absence . There is activity - definitely movement and possibly noise - to not allow the light to fade after the predetermined amount of time . The robot vacuum aka The Roomba is scheduled to vacuum the floor in all first floor room three time per day . The light do not fade . The family dog , a Saint Bernard , enters the room while the family out of the house . Movement is detected at the door to the room The light will turn on a it doe not differentiate between pet and small child . The window is left open and the room is dark . The paper towel are on the counter top and are knocked over by a gust of wind . A roll of paper towel is moved through the room by wind . Because the movement is not at the door , the light should not turn on . A burglar is casing the home to come back and steal at a later time . There is movement outside the house near the window . The light will turn on and the burglar is scared off . The water routinely moving back and forth in the space monitored by the smart home . The programmed lawn sprinkler come on at the same time every night . The light outside are not turned on because it detects that it is a not a human because of the repetition of the movement . I am settling in to watch the Olympics I turn on my TV The light should dim to the pre-configured selection for television watching . The room ha additional source of light albeit dim . Husband is having a romantic dinner so he light candle Pre configured romantic lighting turn on due to candle being lit . Cat is not a human occupant of house , cat move around a lot Place a cat into a room with smart light and leave there long enough to match the preconfigured time for the smart light . The smart light should turn on from the cat 's movement if they are designed for any movement , if they are designed for only human or major movement then the light should not turn on . The room 's smart light is off , there is no movement in the room , and there is noise at different volume being introduced for the light to detect . I stand outside of a room with a smart light in it and make a quiet sound . I continuously make the sound , raising the volume each time . The light should detect noise at an appropriate volume at turn on to light the room . It is night , the outside detection smart light are off , the pebble are the size of standard insect that would fly through the yard on a regular basis . I stand outside of my yard away from the smart light detection radius , and from there I throw small pellet towards my home and through the smart light detection area . The smart light should not detect the small size of the pebble and stay off . The smart light system is activated , I am in the room , The television is turned on and after 10 minute will turn itself off , there is no movement in the room , there is sound in the room , there is no one else in the room and no other activity going on in the room . I turn on a television set then set the sleep timer on the television set for 10 minute and begin watching television . Smart light should adjust itself to television activity setting when the tv is turned on , and adjust itself back to standard setting when when the tv turn itself off . I am out of the room for an extended period of time and there is n't anything making noise in the room . I walk out of the room shutting off the television . The light automatically turn off . There are no light on in the house , but there should be so that I can see coming into the house . I come home from work and it is dark outside . The light turn on a I walk into the house , allowing me to see better . Someone I do not know approach the house . I 'm going to bed for the evening and the house is dark . The home light up making the person leave . I turn on the television and begin playing the movie . I am going to watch a movie on my television . The light recognize that the television is on and dim . There is no movement in the kitchen after a set amount of minute pass so light turn off . I walk out of the kitchen into the living room Lights dim for three minute until they ultimately turn off to save energy I forget to turn off the light before I leave . I walk out the front door of my house leaving for work . Sensing no movement , the light automatically turn off . The cat is not a person so the light should not go on . My cat enters the room . The light do not turn on a a human wa not sensed entering the room . I open the door and stumble in quite intoxicated . I get a taxi cab ride back home after being at a bar for a while . The light turn on automatically and prevent me from hurting myself by falling over something . There is movement in the bathroom so the sensor trigger the light to turn on I walk into Bathroom in the middle of the night Lights come on and stay on for up to 4 minute after no movement is captured by sensor . An intruder approach the door meaning to break in . I am away on business and my wife is home alone . All of the light on the outside of the house turn on , scaring the intruder away . The light are dim from my tv watching but they should turn on brighter when a book reader enters the room . My friend enters the room with a book while I am watching tv . The person with the book is sensed so the light become brighter . I need more light to make sure I am getting thing cleaned . I am cleaning the living room . The light respond , giving maximum lighting in the room for cleaning . I want a medium amount of light , not very bright but not very dim either . I am eating dinner in my living room . The light recognize that I am eating and adjust to the medium level of light that I like for dining . I 'm on the phone for an extended period of time , quite a while . Someone call my cell phone and I have to leave the room to answer the phone . The light turn off due to my absence , saving energy . No movement other than small hand movement on the laptop . I lay down on the couch with my laptop . The light should automatically fade to save energy . I want to turn on the light for her , but I do n't want to get up from my comfy spot on the couch . My wife ha come home from work . The light respond to her entry and turn on the light for me . They produce motion so the light should come on . A person cut through your backyard at night . The light turn on in response to the person 's movement . The light outside are off because it 's night , but should come on from sensing human movement . Burglar come up to front Porch at night . Lights catch Human movement and Turn on immediately . No one is in the room and the ceiling fan is on . There is a ceiling fan in the room and it is currently running . The smart home should automatically fade the light after the preconfigured time . My cat is n't a person . I have a pet cat and it roams the house . It walk into the dark room . If the cat walk into the dark room the light should NOT turn on . The robotic vaccum cleaner is not a person . I have an automatic roaming robotic vacuum cleaner and it enters the dark room . The light should not come on in the room . There ha not been anyone around . There ha not been any movement or sound for a certain amount of time . The light should fade off . They are entering a dark room . Someone walk into a dark room . The light turn on automatically . It is daylight and there is movement outside due to the salesman walking up . A salesman walk up to the house during daylight hour . Lights in the house should not turn on . Someone is near the home . There is movement in the dark outside of a home . The light will automatically turn on . There is movement in the room . Light is optimized based on activity . Lights will become brighter and more colorful when there is movement . The light should sense that people have n't actually left the room . There is noise in the room because people are there , then it becomes quiet a a movie start to play . The light should not turn off , at least for a specified time period while the movie play . Smart home detects the person leaving and the room is quiet with no movement A person leaf their home in the morning for work . Light switch turn off . Movement of a certain size is detected outside A burglar walk up to the window Floodlights are turned on at that spot Small quick movement during night time . A bat fly by when it is dark outside . The smart home should not turn on light for small movement , but should for sustained movement . Lights indoors detect movement and noise from entrance Person return home from work Turns on light in living room and kitchen The reading desk in the corner should be preconfigured for brighter light for reading . I have a reading desk in a corner of the room . If someone sits down at the reading desk , brighter light should come on . The fireplace being lit and emanating heat anytime during the day or night . I start a fire in the fireplace . The light should dim based on heat being detected in the fireplace . A pet is not a person , and doe n't have the same light requirement . A pet walk into a dark room . The light should not turn on . I 'm so sleepy that I forget to turn the light off in the living room . I 'm tired and go to bed . The light detect no movement for a period of time and shut off . My family is asleep and so am I . It is very early in the morning and someone approach the door to my house . The light detect the movement and turn on , warding off the intruder . I lay down on the couch and am still for a while . I am tired and decide to take a nap . The light detect that I have not moved in a while and dim the light very low . Detects noise and movement outside Unknown guest knock on the door Turns on light to deter unwanted guest I want the light to be quite bright so that I can see the book . I want to read a book in my office . The light detect that I am reading a book and adjust the light to be very bright . Movement is detected Family is watching a movie and someone get up Increase light for safe movement Detect movement but measure size of movement There is an animal outside Does not turn on light Both people are authorized user , both are using the room at the same time . A person walk into a room where another person is already watching TV . Even though there are two people in the room , the light should not adjust for the second user , a the original user 's experience would be impacted . No movement in room for Xminutes Room is empty with no movement or noise Lights should turn off if no movement for a preconfigured time There is little movement and little sound in the office , but the TV is on in the office Person is working in the office with the TV on Smart home detects that the person is in the office , and keep the light bright If someone walk into an empty room with the light off '' If a person walk into a dark room '' Lights should turn on Unauthorized movement around the house . Dark outside , and unauthorized movement Turn light on BluRay player is powered on , it is night time I put a movie in the BluRay player Lighting will be optimized based on activity The resident in the home have gone shopping . Curtains , a plastic bag or a pet is moving inside the room . The light should not come on without human movement inside the room . Night time . Person is almost at the threshhold of the room , moving closer towards it . Person approach room . Light should come on a soon a the person approach the threshold of the room . Night time . There are no people in the vicinity . Birds , small animal moving around outside the house . The light should not come on unless there is a human intruder or a loud noise . Night time . The person want to work/read . Person enters his study . The light inside the study should come on at high brightness to assist easy reading/work . Night time . The light is dimmed to assist the viewing experience . Person watching movie or playing a video game get up to get a drink of water . The light should come on when the person move or the video/game is paused until they return to their place and resume watching . The smart lighting can detect the blood flow in my penis . I walk into a room with an erection already occupied with my significant other . The smart light dim the light to a preferred setting to get our bang on . The car coming in is an authorized vehicle . Movement outside the home . Night time . Only the light necessary for the safe passage of the car need to turn on . The rest should remain switched off . Smart lighting detects no movement or other light source in the room . Turn the TV off in the living room and head for bed . Turns off after 5 minute . Night time . The person is trying not to lose his sleep entirely . Person wake up in the middle of the night and enters another room to get a drink of water . The light should come on gradually increasing in brightness during late night hour . This avoids dazzling the resident and completely taking away their sleep . Smart lighting should detect movement . I come home from work and walk through the front door . Front foyer lighting should automatically turn on . Person 1 is asleep on the bed . Person 2 walk into the bedroom . The light should come on only in very low brightness to avoid disturbing the sleep of person 1 . Lightning should detect movement within the area specified . My dumb neighbor is putting out his trash can late at night cause he 's a moron and like to make noise at night . Outside light will turn on . Lighting is hooked up with entertainment system so it know I 'm playing a movie . I turn on a movie in my home cinema downstairs . Dims like completely for the movie giving it a cinematic atmosphere . No one will be moving inside the house for day since the owner are on vacation . No one is home because the owner have went on vacation . No light should turn on until the owner return . The light turn on after the owner walk into the room . The owner of the home have just returned to a empty room . Since the owner walk into a empty room the light should come on right away since there wa movement inside the room . The light come on when the person get close to the house . No one is at home , everyone is on vacation but someone is walking close to the house . Since no one is home and someone is walking close to the house late at night the light come on and scare the person away . Since a movie is on at night time the light dim . A couple is having a date night and are watching a movie . The light should dim since a movie is being played at night . Smart home detects little movement and little noise , however , is outside the schedule of turning off light . Person is sitting on the couch relaxing during the evening . Does not turn off light . Bathroom detects movement in the bathroom , but is inside a certain schedule , to slowly brighten light to a low light level Person walk into the bathroom in the middle of the night Low light brightens slowly a to not completely wake the person . Smart lighting detects no sound in the room . I fall asleep on the couch and the TV turn off after 30 minute on the sleep timer . Lights turn off due to no sound . Lights detect sound and movement outside along my perimeter . Wild bear is rummaging through my garbage at night . Lights turn on due to noise and movement . Lights turn on with movement and noise at a certain decibel . I come home drunk and stumble through my house to my bedroom but it actually my roommate . Lights turn on and wake my roommate . I 'm out of the room for 10 minute and it sens no noise or movement in the room . I walk out of the room to use the bathroom The light fade off . The computer produce lighting for me to see , so medium lighting is sufficient I 'm working on my laptop The room sens mild movement and adjusts the light to a medium level . the house sens movement on the driveway and walkway to the front door I 'm coming home from work late at night The light turn on allowing me to see my surroundings . Motion sensor are tripped '' multiple time per evening a animal move about the property . '' The smart home is located near a large patch of wood . Lateral movement should not trip the motion sensor . Only movement that is unauthorized AND moving towards the house should trip the sensor . noise enters the room , but people are not using the room . It is night time . People are in another room doing other thing which make noise that is audible from the room in question . The house should not respond to this stimulus because no one is physically inside of the room . the pet move in the room , it it dark . A pet enters the dark room at night . The dark room should not turn on the light a a result of this action . The light should stay off so a not to waste energy . The deer is moving but is not a person . It is dark outside . A deer walk by the house . The house should not turn on the light to scare off the deer . The deer make noise and ha movement but is not a human being . A guest is in the room actively using the room . The guest is not creating the same amount of movement a a normal person . A guest in a wheel chair who can barely move his body . The lightning and color should stay appropriate for a normal person 's amount of activity . The person in the wheel chair is unable to make a many movement a a person who is standing . A person is walking around half asleep . Another person is asleep in the bed . A person get out of bed to walk into the bathroom with the intention of returning to sleep after using the bathroom . The bathroom is next to the bedroom and a 2nd person is asleep in the bed . The house should not put on bright light that will wake the individual walking to and from the bathroom . Also the house need to consider that a 2nd person is asleep in the bed so It must not activate bright light in the bedroom . The person is moving but Is still asleep . A person who move around a lot in his sleep . The house should not turn on light a a response to the person 's movement in the bed so a not to wake the person despite him/her moving around . When nobody is in the room for the preconfigured time , the light should automatically fade off . There 's nobody in the room for a preconfigured time . The light in the room automatically fade off . A sensor detects a person in the dark room . A person walk into a dark room . The light turn on automatically . There is no one else in the living room thus no movement . I leave my living room to go to another room Lights and ceiling fan should automatically shut off. '' smart home should recognize no noise in the room '' I fall asleep in my bedroom with the light on . Lights should automatically turn off . Smart home should detect my movement . I walk into my house at night with my hand full of bag Lights should turn on at the entrance of my house and my living room . Movement occurs near the home . A potential intruder is outside the home . The light automatically turn on . smart home should detect their movement . At night someone is trying to steal something from my front porch . Flood light should com on immediately . smart home should know the time and that I am in the room with the tv on . Its night and I am watching tv . smart home should dim the light to a more comfortable setting . I have not move from my bed or turned on any light therefore I will be late to work . It is about time for me to wake up to go to work . smart home should detect turn on the light a to help me wake up on time . When a person is not active , the light should dim . A person is not very active in a room . ( Watching TV ) The light are dimmed . It is the middle of the night and everything is dark . I wake up in the middle to use the bathroom . smart home should detect the time and my movement and turn on the light on my path . The light should brighten when a person is being active . A person is active in a room . ( Exercise ) The light brighten . It is night and he is leaving thru the window . My kid is trying to sneak out of their bedroom . Smart home should detect this movement and turn on all light . there is movement in my home The pet are running around It is a height requirement , sensor set at a certain pace , the light will not come on The sensor are set to a certain height . The dog enters the room The light do not come on and save energy Now no movement and no noise occured after party time limit reached ; All Stable thing All people left room after party Light should fade off to save energy The light do not turn on A Short intruder come to the home Make sure that the light sensor are set to all range . Movement of my mom is detected by light sensor ; Dark room My mom entered the room which is dark Light should turn on for safety and vision A pet enters the room , the room is already dark or is close to the end of the timer . Movement or noise in the room from something that is n't human ; a pet for example . The timer will continue a normal or the room will stay dark . The house need to be able to distinguish animal movement/noises from human movement/noises . It will be a romantic night with Old r & b slow jam . I have a date in the entertainment room The light will turn red at command of red light for music Noise that is n't from a human is moving through the room . An alarm go off in the room or music is playing in an adjacent room . The light will stay dark or the timer will continue it normal cycle . The movement of a person near the house who ha no intention of going into or near the house . A person run past the edge of the lawn but doe n't approach the house . The light should not come on . If kid from the neighborhood are just playing near by the house and accidentally set foot on the lawn it should n't set off the light unless it clear that they are moving towards the door or window of the house . There is movement of something or human outside house ; Dark Night Thief is trying to break lock outside the house Lights should turn on and Scare off thief that someone watching you The water is not running and no noise is heard since no one is in the bathroom ; it is morning After showering i leave the bathroom Bathroom light should turn off I forget to turn on the outside light for the delivery driver Im hungry late in the evening and decide to order Pizza The light turn on a he approach the house so he can approach the house safely it a noise in the house ( doorbell ) The door bell ring The light will come on when one one is in it . costing energy TV on but Readers also reading book . ; Lights on a default some friend start watching movie on TV lounge while other friend reading book at same place The light setting should not change . Should remain on with same intensity . A person fall asleep while trying to complete a task such a watching television or reading a book . A person who is in the room but stopped moving or actively participating in an activity . The house should dim the color and lightning a well a the sound of the television and other appliance in the room or the house should raise the lightning and sound in the room so a to wake up the individual based on the setting of the house . I wake up and want to move to my bedroom I have fallen asleep on the couch and the light ha gone off The light turn on so I can see to walk to my room The light will not come on If a baby craw in the dark room have it set for baby can crawl into the room and have light there is movement in the bathroom a i enter ; it is night time i enter the bathroom after opening the door light should turn on when movement is sensed It is night and pet animal is not an intruder . Movement of pet animal outside the home during night time . Lights should not turn on . the light come on kid are playing around in the grass - movement The kid are running all over the place causing the light to blink on and off The animal is in motion ; it is night time Wild animal is lurking about on the front porch Lights should come on to scare away animal and alert me of it 's presence the light come on The baby cry in the baby room the cry baby just turned the light on recognized by the cry . Music is playing low and movement is sense at or around the dining room table ; table is set Having a romantic dinner at home with my wife The light should dim to a romantic setting to set the mood Movement is sensed when entering doorway ; any time of day I open the door to the kitchen pantry and proceed in Lights should turn on so i could locate what i need safely Movement sensed a they hang about , night out Group of kid hanging out near backyard Lights should turn on to scare the kid off and notify me of their presence Game console and television are both turned on , night time In the living room playing video game on flat screen television Lights should dim slightly so screen can be seen more clearer No movement is sensed in closet , morning Finished picking the clothes i plan to wear from my closet Lights should fade off to save energy There wo n't be any movement or noise inside the room . I 'm reading a book or magazine in reading room . The light should not fade off . There will no longer be movement or noise in the room . Be in a room with smart light and then move out of the room . The smart light sensor , seeing that there is no movement or noise in the room , should fade off after a certain amount of time . The sensor to the smart light pick up noise and/or movement . Nobody is in a dark room that ha smart light . A person then walk into the room . The smart light turn on automatically without the person having to say or touch anything . The smart light sensor pick up the movement . It is dark outside and a person walk up to the home . The smart light in the house turn on so a to ward off potentially dangerous people . Smart light sensor pick up the light and sound combination from the TV A television is turned on in the living room where there are smart light The smart light dims and color the light to optimize a person 's viewing pleasure It is night time ; plant and tree are not intruder . Movement of large plant or small tree due to wind speed . Lights should not turn on . The sensor in the room pick up noise but no movement . Nobody is in a dark room that ha light . The phone in the room ring . The smart light should not turn on because nobody is present . Smart light sensor detect the light and sound from a TV ha stopped . A television is on where there are smart light dimmed to optimize viewing pleasure . Someone turn the television off . The smart light should return the lighting in the room to normal level . There will be le movement and noise in the room . Two people are in a room having a conversation . One person leaf the room . The smart light should remain lit , even though though there is le noise because there is still someone present in the room . Lighting entering the room ha changed . It 's a sunny day outside . Someone is in a room reading a book with smart light on . They open the curtain . The smart light sensor should detect if how sunlight is available to read a book . The smart light should decrease the lighting in the room accordingly . The room is empty . I leave the room . The light should turn off . The room is dark . I walk into the room . The light should turn on automatically . The house is empty . My family leaf the house . All electronics should turn off . The room is dark . I 'm exercising . The light should become brighter . It is night time , both bedroom and toilet are dark . I wake up in night to go to toilet from bedroom . The light in the bedroom and toilet should turn on automatically when I walk . My movement is detected by the light sensor , Night . I went to kitchen in the middle of the night Light should be turned on when my movement is sensed . light at home were on . I left the house in a hurry . `` All light should be turned off. '' Movement sensed . After Breakfast i enter my WorkSpace rom . The light should turn on in Workspace & turned off in the kitchen . it 's late & dark outside , friend is not an intruder . A friend came to visit me at night '' Lights should n't turn on. '' Tv is On . I wa Watching football on tv , then i fell asleep . The light should turn off after falling asleep . Lights are on in the bedrom . I went to bed after having a bath Lights should turn off There is no movement in the basement for five minute . I leave the basement which ha a light on . The light in the basement are turned off . There are a dozen people in the room giving off enough heat to indicate that there is a gathering . A smart home detects the heat level in the room . The home deploys party light . No movement and noise is recognized . I am switching off the tv and go to sleep in the same room . Light should fade off . Me reading the book is authorized . I am reading a book in the room . All the light should fade off and only the reading light should remain on . `` Both reading and watching TV are preconfigured activity '' '' Two people are in the room . One person is watching TV the other person is reading a magazine. '' The light should only slightly dim to the reading level and not completely dim to the configuration for watching TV The room should recognize that the person ha entered and exited '' A person of average height cross through the room and immediately exit on the other side '' Lights should immediately come on the full brightness and then immediately begin to fade The radio going off should trigger the light dimming A person is in the room listening to the radio and decides to turn off the radio and go to sleep . Soon after falling asleep the person begin to snore . After the radio is turned off the light should begin to dim until they are off and should remain off until the next morning . The sound of snoring should not trigger the light to come back on . Lights should turn on and stay on and stay on a long a I am in the room I walk into a dark room and stay there for an hour . Lights turn on and stay on light should turn off and stay off I leave a room Lights turn off and stay off Lights should turn on and stay on a long a the bear is there A stray bear is is looking for food in the trashpail outside of the home Lights turn on and stay on Lights should be at the brightest setting during the event . A group of people are having a housewarming party Lights are at the brightest setting during the event . The light recognize that someone ha entered , and that the room is dark . A person walk into a dark room . The light come on . The room is dark . Some other moving object , like a pet or balloon enters the room . Lights should stay off . The room light have been on for a while . A configured amount of time pass without movement and noise . The light turn off . The room 's light are on and no noise is heard . A person walk out of a room that ha the light on . The light recognize someone ha gone out of the room and whether the room is quiet or not . If there 's no one in the room and it 's quiet , set a timer after which the light will turn off . If there 's noise but there 's no one in the room , the light are dimmed to a minimal level for safety and energy saving . It is dark outside . There is movement outside . A random sample of light should turn on . It is light outside still . There is movement outside . Lights should not come on . The light recognize someone ha entered the room and the room is dark . Someone enters a dark room . Lights progressively turn on . Most room are dark and no noise is heard in most of them , pressure plate or impact sensor sense a break-in . Someone break into the house from any door/window . All the light in the house are turned on immediately . It is late at night when the person is normally sleeping . Walking into the bathroom . Dim light should slowly come on . There 's daylight still . Lights sense someone outside the house . Lights should not turn on . Lights of room inside the house where there 's someone ( light are on , noise is heard ) blink with a pre-established pattern to warn the people inside the house . It 's currently dark . Turning on a high maintenance appliance , like a stove top . The light for that room should turn gradually turn to maximum , for a better idea of what the person is doing . Lights go out without movement or noise Everyone leaf the house and pet are sleeping Pets move and light come back on Sensor 's timer start the countdown to preset value . Person exit room . Lights fade off . The kitchen is dark , it 's between 10pm and 6am . Someone come into the kitchen after 10pm , but before 6am . Dim light should progressively turn on . Sensor 's timer start countdown to preset value . TV set and radio shut down . Lights fade off . It 's still dark outside . Getting out of bed in the morning . Lights should gradually get brighter a the person get ready for their day . Garage light come on Child walk into the garage Child see clearly Sensor 's scanning for human-like feature . A pet enters the room . Lights do not turn on . Person is walking around the home and light come on Detector detects movement in the home 's exterior Lights stay on and intruder leaf TV noise is heard in a bedroom . Someone is inside said bedroom . Someone watch TV inside his/her bedroom . Lights should gradually dim until turning off , depending on the time of the day . Sensor 's picking up movement . A person move in darkness . Some light are turned on . Light from computer screen is detected Person turn on computer screen Lights dim in response to computer screen light Sensor 's picking voltage change at TV socket . TV is turned on . Lights are dimming . room is configured to fade out the light at night when there is no one in the room leave the room at 8 PM , there is no one left light fade out . Sensor 's checking for open window . Curtains are moving in the room through an open window . Lights stay off . I leave the room , but still need the light to be on for personal reason . I tell the system to keep the light on even though there is no movement . The system keep the light on even if there is no movement detected . There are people in the house . There 's daylight . Daylight enters trough the window when there are people inside Gradually fade off light whenever a person exit a room and graduate light where there 's people accordingly for maximum comfort . The room ha been empty for an hour . It is night time . The room is empty The light should fade off kitchen is preconfigured to keep the light on a you come and go when the stove or oven is in use leave the kitchen light should stay on and only fade out when there is no one in the room and the stove is turned off . It is dark/ night time . There are ceiling light in the room I walk into the kitchen The light should automatically turn on I am approaching and the light are too bright and in my eye . I tell the system to dim the light . The system should dim the light darker so I can see clearer at night time . It is night time , the house is empty My friend walk up the driveway Some light automatically come on in my house If a potential intruder or suspicious character approach my home , I want the light to show some kind of distress or alert that the person is not trusted . This also alert surrounding neighbor that something threatening is around . I tell the system to enter alert mode . The light should either become extremely bright , flash in an alarming mode , and also possibly set off an alarm and contact my home security provider . When I enter a room I want the light to be to my specific setting and preference . I tell the system to set my default brightness/dimming setting when I walk in . The light go to my preferred brightness for that specific room . The light understands the room is not being used . I have left the room and gone somewhere else The light should fade off The only activity in the living room is my watching television and lying on the sofa I am watching television The light should dim on recognizing the lack of movement and the light from the TV screen There may be situation where I do not want those setting to be applied , no matter the activity going on . I tell the system to override the preconfigured setting . The system go to the default lighting setting . The light realises that I have entered the room . I enter the room from outside . The light turn on . I leave the room to fetch something in the basement . I re-enter after a few moment . I re-enter a room after a few moment The light should remain at the same level and not fade off bedroom is configured to give full illumination before 9pm a person walk in to bedroom at 8pm light turn on at full intensity . There is nobody on the room . Nothing happens . The light should remain off and not turn on . There may be a room where I only want the system to dim the light and not completely turn the light off . Set the system to dim only . The system will , instead of turning the light off , dim the light to a certain brightness . Sensor pick up voltage change in radio wall socket . Person turn on radio . Specific color lighting is activated . It is night time and I am reading I am reading The light should come up to allow me to view the text best . The light should not dim a if I were resting or watching television . I tell the system to only turn on specific light to my preference . I walk into a room , but only want certain light on . The system turn on the light specified in a profile or by voice . Sensor scan the ISBN number . Person get a book and open it at the copyright page . Room light go off and spot reading light are activated . I only want a preferred lighting setting to be on during that time . I walk in during a certain time of day The system default to that timed lighting setting unless specified otherwise . bedroom lighting is configured to give attenuated lighting after 9pm to help people prepare to sleep A person enters bedroom at 11pm light turn on at 25 % intensity . Sensor pick up level of carbon dioxide based on normal sleep cycle . Persons fall asleep . Night safety light is turned on . Sensor computes speed and proximity to ground . A bird fly outside home in the dark . Lights stay off . Camera realises the suspicious activity There is some suspicious activity outside the house The smart home turn on some light It realizes which room ha more activity Smart home understands which room is used more often It adjusts the light accordingly Sensor computes the direction of the noise 's source . Traffic noise enters the room . Lights stay off . Sensor sends signal to landlord 's car transmitter/receiver . An unknown car park outside home in the night . Lights turn on . The house is empty and in anti-intruder mode An unknown person is outside the house Some light in room with window towards the movement turn on , if he get closer some exterior lighting , closer still and a warning should sound . House is set to anti intruder mode and pickup the movement . Owner come at night after vacation . Sensors pick up face data or registered cellphone of the owner . House return to normal mode . house is configured to provide daylight lighting when there is a social setting many people in a room sit around a table playing board game . White light turn over the table a many people approach it . bedroom is set to dim light and make them more red if the more a person stay on the bed . person get to bed light dim and change colour accordingly to the time . It 's night time , no one is awake in the home an unknown person/stranger approach the home Outside/porch light come on once subject is within 10 foot of the home and light the area up There are no light on in the room , and the system detects that a person ha walked into the room . The owner of the home walk into their bedroom after being downstairs for most of the evening . The lamp on the nightstand automatically turn on , a doe the overhead light . The cat is not a person , so the light in that room should not turn on . The system should not recognize the cat a a person . The cat walk into the living room in the middle of the night a it make it nocturnal round through the house . The light do not turn on . The cat is not recognized a a person , and so the light do not respond a they would for a person . Lamps are configured to fade to off after 10 minute without motion detected . I forget to turn off the lamp and fall asleep while reading . After 20 minute without motion stimulus , the light fade to an off state In an effort to conserve electricity light in a room are powered off after a pre-determined amount of time . When an occupant reenters the room , the light should power on . Returning home from work in the evening light should come on when I enter the room . Either motion proximity is detected and light turn on a I enter . Detect motion and power on LED flood light on exterior of home to illuminate entrance Motion is detected in the exterior of the home . Lights are powered on for a pre-determined amount of time to deter would-be thief from trying to enter the home , or if it is just an animal or some other stimulus , the would not remain on for very long to waste electricity . Parents have to get up and walk to baby 's room Baby wake up cry in middle of the night light come on parent ' room , hallway and baby 's room a parent proceeds to attend to cry baby , light help parent see without them having to search for light switch User would have an app that would allow them to set the lighting based on current usage of the space . There would be several preset configuration mode , party ; tv ; reading ; dinner party ; overnight security . Lighting system in home would provide appropriate amount of light based on the current activity of the space . Based on user input , dim and set preferred hue of color to smart light based on the need of the current usage of the space . parent is quietly rocking baby to sleep ( In baby 's room ) , it is night time Parent is trying to sooth baby to sleep light dim enough to help facilitate sleep for baby , but are still on to allow parent to see to lay baby down after he/she fall asleep person is in living room person is watching TV on couch and fall asleep light should fade off and TV should turn off after 1 hour of no movement/sound ( aka fell asleep ) to conserve electricity There is no noise or movement in the room . I am laying on the couch and fall asleep watching TV . The television shuts itself down after an hour of inactivity . The light turn off . There is movement and noise . I walk into an unlit room . The light turn on . The person is not authorized and it is night time . Someone walk up to my home at night . Lights on the same side of the house a the person turn on . The light are dim . A group of people are chatting and moving in a room . Sensing movement and more noise than usual , the light brighten . The light are on in the kitchen and there is no movement or sound in that room . When home alone , I leave the kitchen light on and go to my bedroom to take a nap . The light turn off . There is movement in every room in the house . When I wake up at 5 AM I talk a walk through the whole house and walk into every room . Every light in the house turn on . There is movement outside of the house . I walk up to the house after not having been there in X amount of time . Lights turn on in the house I went from watching a movie to reading a book . I watch a movie on the TV and then I decide to read a book . The light should adjust It is light and there is no noise . I move my hand . I am sitting at the table reading the book . Lights stay at the current level . Unknown person is walking through the dark room in my house . Person is not authorized . An unknown person is inside my house and is walking room to room . The light are off . Lights do not turn on . Animals are moving round outside . It is dark . Object is smaller than a human . There is movement from a squirrel or cat outside my home . Lights do not turn on . The noise and movement fade over a period of 30 minute . I am talking with my significant other on the couch while we watch TV . It get quiet a we relax . Lights dim and the color of the light change to a calming color . There maybe unauthorized entry on the property The outside light stay on for than 15 minute but should of shut off after 10 minute An outside alarm is automatically turned The house remains dark for the duration of the time of my absence We are on vacation for a week and no one is occupying the house . The light can come on and off for a few hour every night in different room in order to appear occupied.. The light come on and the child wake up . I walk into my child 's bedroom to check if she 's asleep They will be a 5 minutue delay for the light to turn on in the child 's bedroom after a certain preset time Lights remain off because there is no movement or activity My child wake up cry in her bedroom but remains in bed The light will turn on for a minute to reassure the child I have been authorized by my system . It is day time . No one else in the room . I turn on light in a room and then leave the room . The light should turn off 5 minute after I left the room . I have been authorized by the system . It is night time . The room is dark . No other person is in the house . I walk into a dark room The light should turn on when I walk into the room . The house is authorized to turn on the light when there is movement outside the house . It is night time . Lights are off outside the house . I run from inside my house through my front door to the driveway outside . Lights should turn on when I step outside onto my driveway . The house is to turn off the light in the room with the TV if it is dark outside and the TV is turned on . It is night time . I turn on the TV . The light should turn off . The room is tasked with turning off the light after 5 minute of no noise or movement . The light are on so I can read . It is night time . I am a slow reader . No noise is present . I lay down on a couch and read . The room will turn the light off after 5 minute . The house is tasked with turning on the light when a person walk into a dark room . I am authorized . It is night time . The room is dark . I crawl into a room . The house may or may not turn on the light . The house is tasked with turning on the light outside when there is movement outside my house and it is dark . It is night time . A owl catch a mouse on top of my driveway . The light should turn on . The house is tasked with turning on and off multiple colored light ( R-G-B ) when I turn on the stereo to play music at night . It is night time . I turn on some jam . Different colored light should turn on and off . House is tasked with turning on light when there is movement outside at night . Trick-or- Treaters arrive at the door . Lights come on It is the middle of the night and it is dark out . I walk into the bathroom . The smart home turn on the bathroom light because it is nighttime when I enter . It 's the middle of the night and dark out . I walk into the kitchen in the middle of the night for a snack . Smart home turn on the light in the kitchen , but dims them significantly because it 's late at night . It 's nighttime , but only a dog is going into various room . My dog walk through the house in the middle of the night while all people are sleeping . The smart home should not turn on the light because it is only a dog roaming into room at night . Perhaps smart home ha a height requirement to sense whether a person or animal is in the room and respond appropriately . It is the evening . I am doing work in the living room in the evening . Smart home turn on the light to a bright setting so that all work and paper can be easily seen . It 's nighttime and there 's movement outside of the home . A possum rustle around the garbage can out back in the middle of the night . Smart home would not automatically turn on some light to stop potential intruder because it is just an animal and not a person . There is movement outside the house ; it is not dark.. I exit the house to check the mailbox at the curb . It is noon , on a bright , sunny day . The light should not come on since it is not dark outside . The master bath ha a whirlpool tub . When the jet are turned on , the light in the room are dimmed . I get in the whirlpool tub and turn on the jet . The light should be dimmed . A person ha entered the room ; the room is dark . A burglar pick the lock on the backdoor at night whie everyone is asleep , and enters the living room . The living room light should turn on . The light and tv are on ; no one is home , so there is no motion , but the noise from the tv is detected I go to the movie and forget to turn off the light and tv in the family room . No one else is home . The light should not be faded off a long a noise from the tv is detected It is nighttime . I enter the room , sit down on the couch and turn on the TV and Blu-Ray player to watch a movie . Sensing that the Blu-Ray player is active and playing a movie , the light in the room dim to 15 % output . The house is now empty . The light and stereo are still on . I am listening to music on my home stereo system when I have to leave immediately for an emergency . I leave in a rush without turning anything off . The light will remain lit a long a the sound from the stereo continues . When there is no longer sound the light will turn off . Occupancy sensor detect a person entering . Entering the storage room . Lights turn on or off removing the need to fiddle with the wall switch while carrying thing . Use the app to set the timer Lights set the mood for falling asleep or waking up '' Lights gradually fade in or out and change the hue according to the time and the preference you set '' Sensors detect motion in other room ( a child leaving it 's room ) or car entering the driveway Using the light in your room a a notification Lights in your room change the color or the pattern notifying you of what 's happening The room 's light are on and no noise or movement is sensed . A person walk out of a lit room or room . If no one is in the room and no noise is heard the light should dim to half then after five minute should completely go off . Giving a person a chance to reenter the room without it being pitch black . The light turn back on full if they enter within the five minute , if not the light turn off . Sensors pick up size shape and what object actually is . It can tell if object is an animal inanimate object or small human . A pet enters the room or small child and or remote controlled toy . The light will stay off if it sens animal or inanimate object . But will come on for child at around or near same size . You start up your computer or laptop . Walking into your home office where you study or work . Smart home recognizes the time of day . If at night the light are at it 's highest brightness.You can set timer for light depending on how many hour you want to work . Lights will dim to let you know the time is up . Also , smart home ha option to turn on music automatically while you work or study and will keep volume low . Finally after the light dim and you leave room , light will turn off after five minute . Because I walk into the room , regardless of my clothing , the smart home should detect me . I walk into a dark room but I am dressed in all black with a black mask . The smart home should turn on the light . The smart home should distinguish that it is not a person and the light should not come on . A family pet ( dog or cat ) walk into the dark room . The smart home doe not turn on the light because it distinguishes the object entering a a pet . The smart home should distinguish that the object are not human . An inanimate object is causing motion in the room , perhaps a Roomba , or even an automatic coffee maker . The smart home should not turn on the light because the object creating motion are not human . The smart home should sense small movement even if the person is reading a page for a very long time . A person is relaxing on the couch reading a book . The smart home should not turn off the light in the room to save energy because they are needed to see the book . Because the pet are not human , the smart home should not count them a needing light . The family pet ( dog , cat , bird , fish , etc . ) are in the room moving around and making noise . The smart home should fade and dim the light because it can distinguish there are pet and not human in the room . No one else is in the room A piece of paper blown by a fan fall off a table Lights should remain off This is how it is supposed to work . There is no movement or noise in the room for the preconfigured time The light should fade off . The smart home should distinguish weather event and not count this a necessary for light . There is a thunder storm outside and the curtain are open , allowing thunder and lightning flash to display in the room . The smart home should automatically fade off the light regardless of the noise from the storm or the flash from the lightning . Lights are off due to no movement Movement or noise occurs in the room during the night . Lights should turn on to full strength . Lights should be off during the day Movement or noise occurs in the room in the daytime Do not turn on the light in response to the movement or noise . Lights are currently off Person walk into the room in the evening when the room is dark Lights should turn on The smart house should determine this is an animal and not a threat . A raccoon or other animal run around in the bush outside . The smart house will not turn on the light because the animal is not a threat to security . Lights are currently off , stranger is not authorized to be on the property There is movement outside the house , and it is a stranger Some light should be turned on The smart house should detect me a an intruder . I forget my key so I approach my side window to try to let myself in . The smart house should automatically turn on some light to scare a potential intruder away . Lights are currently on Movement in front of house go away Lights should turn off after 10 minute of inactivity Room is already lit Person turn on TV Lights dim to the preset value Lights are dimmed Person turn off TV Lights should go back up to full strength Should remain bright since other person may be doing an activity that requires light Two people are in the room . One turn on the TV . Lights do not dim They are allowed in the house There is movement outside , and it is the homeowner Bring up outside light and specific room ( front hall , kitchen , bedroom ) The smart house should distinguish that these are too small to be a threat . It is Fall and there are leaf and nut ( acorn , pecan ) falling around the house , sometimes even bouncing off the window . The smart house will not turn on the light to deter an intruder when object like leaf or nut fall around the house . There is enough light coming from the window Person walk into room in the daytime Lights should not come on Plenty of light already Person walk into a room at night where the light are already on Lights should stay on Probably some reason another person put on the light , i.e . doing a craft activity Person walk into a room during the day , another person in the room , light are on Keep the light on The smart house will detect the TV and sense that I am about to engage in this activity . I turn on my TV to watch my favorite TV show . The smart house will dim the light to an appropriate level for TV viewing . The smart house should detect these two different activity and provide appropriate lighting for the both of u . I turn on the TV to watch my favorite TV show . At the same time , my husband sits down in his chair to read a book . The smart house should dim the main light overhead in the room to an acceptable level for TV viewing , and it should brighten the lamp by my husband 's chair so that he can read easily . The smart home should detect that there is a need to have brighter light due to the homework activity . The TV is turned on , but I also have homework spread on the coffee table a I am working on math problem while listening to the news . The smart home will not dim the light due to the TV because it detects the homework activity which need brighter light . The tree branch is not a human , and there is no need for the light to turn on . A tree branch move against the window The light stay off . The smart home detects the movement , but recognizes that it is not a threat . My next door neighbor pull into their driveway The smart home doe not turn on the light . Animals wo n't rob the house . An animal approach the house . Do not turn on light in the house . There is a person home , but the room is not in use . A person is home and there is no motion or noise in a room for 15 minute . The light should dim themselves off to reduce electricity . The sensor should be able to determine if it is a person or an animal . A remote sensor outside detects movement around the exterior of the house . If a person is detected then the light in the house should turn on to make the person outside think someone is home and heard them . It is clear that sound is coming from TV speaker and not people talking in the room . The TV is turned on . The light should dim themselves automatically to make the TV brighter at night . It is night time and white/blue light is hard on the eye and will keep the person awake . A person head into their bedroom . The light should auto adjust to more yellow light to help soothe the person to fall asleep . I may roll over or make sound while I am sleeping . I am sleeping or napping . Lights should remain in the off position . My cat doe n't need light to navigate the room safely . My cat walk into the room . Lights should remain off . This is not a person or an intruder . Tree branch or plant swaying in the breeze outside . Lights do not automatically turn on . The television provides ambient noise in the room and add some movement due to the light from the television screen . A television set is intentionally left turned on in the room . The light in the room should not fade because of the activity from the television set . I need to be able to see the writing on the page of the book . I want to read a book . The light brighten to a sufficient level where reading a book is made comfortable . The mannequin is not a person and should not trigger the light to turn on in the kitchen . A mannequin is placed standing on a skateboard just outside the entrance to the dark kitchen . The skateboard with the mannequin on it is pulled into the kitchen by a rope that is being managed by a person who is sitting in an adjacent room but who is not actually in the kitchen . The light should not turn on in the kitchen . It is dark outside , so when the ball make a movement outside of the home , the movement should engage the automatic light . At night , a neighbor kick a soccer ball from the neighbor 's property and onto the smart home property . The automatic light are engaged by the movement of the ball at night outside of the home . The intruder is a person who is entering into a dark living room , which should trigger the light to automatically turn on . An intruder break into the dark living room at night through an open window . The light should turn on for the intruder which will allow him or her to see better in order to carry out whatever nefarious activity he or she ha planned . The occupant 's activity ha changed from reading in bed , which requires a certain optimized light source , to sleeping , which ideally should provide much dimmer lighting , if any . The smart home should recognize the change in activity and adjust the light accordingly . An occupant of the home is reading in bed when he slowly dos off . The lighting in the bedroom should be dimmed once the smart home recognizes that the activity ha changed from reading to sleeping . However , it is unclear from the description whether the smart home is programmed to recognize that the activity ha changed . My log in to the computer is authorized to control the smart lighting I sit down to play video game at my computer The light behind me are dimmed to cut down on glare I am tall enough to set off the sensor I walk into my bathroom at night The light turn on There is no movement in the room , only TV is on . I fell asleep watching TV . Smart home should automatically turn off the light and TV in that room . Smart home should turn on the light but optimize the lighting based on late night and probability I only need bathroom . I woke up in the middle of the night and I need bathroom . Smart home optimize the lightning on my way to bathroom . Smart home should turn on the outside light . And on some human gesture stay on for a longer time , not only few sec . I need to unload the car in the middle of the night . Smart home turn on the outside light and it stay on while I need it . The light in that room should turn on or brighten up once a person approach the room A person move towards the room and enters the room . The sensor sens the footstep of a person and activates the switch to turn on or brighten the light . No one wa at home a I forget to switch off the TV . TV switched on after power came back . Smart home should now sense it for 2 minute and switch off the TV . They came into my room quietly . Someone if trying to surprise me on my birthday when I wa sleeping . Smart home sens movement and light turn on instantly . The driver stop in front of the gate . My wife 's office cab came home late at 2 AM . The two main gate light turn on a smart home sens an activity . I went out for 5 minute . I wa working in my room on my PC . Smart home sensed an activity moving out of the room but only dimmed the light a my PC wa still on . There is no movement or noise from that room I walked and stayed out of my living room for preconfigured amount of time The light should automatically fade . I am walking into a dark room I will walk into to my living room at night The light should automatically turn on . It is dark outside and I will be making movement I will make movement outside my house The light should automatically turn on . This is preconfigured activity I will be watching a movie The light should dim for watching tv . `` There should be sensor around the perimeter of the house that will detect any movement around or close to the house . Which will be activated instantly . there should also be a button inside the house that can switch this feature off when homeowner are in their house. `` Any movement around the perimeter of a house , or in the yard should activate the light to turn on . If the homeowner are away , the light in the house will caution any intruder and scare them away . A person walk out the front door and start their car and drive away . A person leaf for work The smart house recognizes the person ha left and automatically turn off the light because no one is in the house . The fedex truck pull up to the house and put a package on my front step . The Fedex guy pull up to the house to deliver a package . The smart house recognizes an unknown person and turn on some light . I come home from work and do not want to wake anyone else in the house . I come home from work late at night . The smart house recognizes that others are sleeping and keep the light on dim . I am sleeping in bed and roll over or move in my sleep . I am sleeping in bed . The smart house should recognize the movement is me sleeping instead of me entering the room and should not turn on . The movement is minimal and located near the floor , therefore it is unlikely to be a human . The light should not turn on for animal , only people . It doe n't matter what time of day it is . A room ha only minimal movement or noise near the floor after 10 minute . The light should begin to fade . If large movement or noise are detected during the fading , they should be brought back up to original brightness . The light in the kitchen are off , it is night time . I walk into my kitchen . The light should turn on to minimal brightness when the home sense my entrance . Watching movie ha a specific set of setting for the light . I turn on my xBox and load Netflix to watch a movie . The Netflix app make a noise when logging in . The home should hear the netflix app noise made when logging in , and then enact my preset setting for watching movie . The system doe not sense any movement after I leave the room . I leave a room in my house . The system fade the light in that room to save energy . The sensor in the house detect the lack of light and a source of motion . When a person enters a room that is dark . The lighting will come up so that the occupant is comfortable . The system will turn on outside light where the movement wa detected . The outside sensor detect that it is dark outside and also detect movement . Anyone outside will notice that they are being monitored and leave if not authorized to be there . The leaf movement is not enough to trigger the light ; it is night time . It is windy out and leaf are blowing outside my home . Smart light should not come on . The TV is turned on ; it is night time . My family go into the room to watch TV . Lights adjust to create an optimal TV viewing experience . I am still and silent for a long amount of time and do not want the light to shut off . I am reading a book in my room . There should be a button or voice command to not turn the light off while I am trying to read . We are watching a scary movie in the dark and do not want the light on . It would be distracting to the movie . I am watching a movie with my boyfriend when my little sister walk through to get a drink from the refrigerator . While watching the movie , a voice command will allow you to disable the automatic lighting system by simply saying disable . '' '' It is late at night or dark . It may be myself or my family , a friend , or an intruder meaning to do harm . There are many possibility of who might approach . Someone is approaching the house . Whether it is an intruder or not , friend or foe , light will be turned on for either safety or the intruder 's dissuasion . There is an app on my smartphone that vibrates when motion is detected and allows me to turn on a video camera and an option to notify police if the one who approach is not welcome . We are both in the mood and would like the light dimmed to a more romantic-type setting . I decide to have sex with my husband . One of u simply say love-mode '' or a different keyword we decide on There is not enough motion or noise to keep the light on . I am sitting in a room painting quietly . The light start to dim but I say ON '' and they turn back on . '' It is nighttime and I just got home . The living room area is all dark , and I walk into the house . My hand are full . I just got home from work . The light will turn on so I can see where I 'm going and wo n't trip , also will be immediately aware if there is someone hiding waiting to ambush . A group of child approach my house for some candy . It is Halloween and kid are trick-or-treating . Lights turn on and I am able to tell when they are walking up before they even get to the door so I can get some candy ready for them . I start getting out pot and pan and my cutting board to chop up the meat and/or veggie and say Cook . '' '' I am making a large dinner in the kitchen . When I say cook '' or whatever other keyword is programmed If there is no activity in room , all light will go idle mode to save energy . If there is no moment for 5 min , Light will go idle mode . Use sensor to note the activity of the room . The room in day time need low brightness and high brightness in night time . so the light automatically change the brightness required at the time . The room light brightness changing day and night time . The sensor observe the room brightness and change the brightness level . There is no movement or noise It is only a short period of time since last noise a made Do not fade off the light The room is dark and no light are on Someone walk into his room Turn on the light There is natural light outside There is someone walking outside home Do no turn on the light It is night time and the room is dark A lot of people enter the room Turn on the light The room is quiet turn off light If there is no movement in the room for 10 minute light should be turned off The room ha been quiet and without movement for 10 minute light turn off No one is in or near the room , and no TV is on . I leave a room dark and quiet for 5 minute . The light should turn off in the room . In the room there is an absence of anything that move or make noise . No movement or noise occurs for preconfigured time . The light fade off after preconfigured time . I am in the room moving and talking normally . I walk into the dark room in the house . The light in the room should turn on . My movie is playing , but no other movement is happening in the room . I turn on a movie in the room . The lighting should dim to accommodate my movie watching experience . An average sized adult enters the dark room . A person walk into a dark room . The room light turn on . The pre-configured time ha passed . The room ha been quiet for several hour but there is a large aquarium running . The aquarium produce some noise and there is a lot of movement from the fish . The light should fade . It is nighttime and the light are off . I walk the perimeter of the house . The light should turn on and shine where I am walking to alert homeowners/neighbors and deter intruder . The family cat walk up to the front door to sit down . It is night . A cat walk past the house . An exterior light turn on . It 's the middle of the night and the home is programmed to turn on the light if a person enters the room in question . The pet cat enters a room . The light should not turn on . It is dark and a person walked by the home , the light should come on If it is dark out and someone walk by the home light should come on the light came on when it wa nighttime and a person walked by the home . It is daytime . Dog remains an occupant in the room and is chewing a bone . I leave the room in order to spend 30 minute baking a cake elsewhere . The light should not automatically fade . When the homeowner program the light they will come on at specified time and when car pas by . The light should come on at various interval that are specified by the homeowner to make it appear a if someone is home even if they are not . The light will come on when car pas byon the road . After I leave , the lighting system announces lighting system will shutdown in t-minus 60 second '' '' I walk into a room to grab my car key to leave for work . After 60 second , the light should automatically fade off . An adult is sitting down in the room . There is very little motion and sound . Someone is reading a book on the sofa . The light stay on and set to preconfigured reading setting . It is evening . I am still in the room but asleep -- -- no sudden movement or noise present . I am sitting on the sofa reading a book then accidentally fall asleep . Lights in the room should automatically fade . The light have been programmed to fade and then turn off when the resident begin watching a movie . The resident start watching a movie on Netflix . The light should fade and then turn off . They should turn back on after the movie end . A radio is left on with normal volume . No people or pet are in the room . A radio is left on in the room . The light stay on . An orange cat of average size come into the dark room and sits on a newspaper . A cat enters the room . The light stay off . It is daytime . My toddler is short , tiny , and behaving normally . My toddler totters into a dark room . Lights should automatically turn on , despite the small size of my toddler . The smart home sens my movement . I come home after work and enter a dark room . The light automatically turn on . It is night and windy . The automatic sprinkler run in the evening and the water is currently blowing into the house . The automatic sprinkler turn on , hitting the house . A predetermined light come on . It is evening . The ball is thrown then roll on the room 's carpet . It doe not hit any furniture , etc . A ball is thrown into the dark room . The light should not turn on since the ball is not a person . The movement is not made by a potential intruder . An animal smaller than a human make movement outside . It is dark The light stay off . It is evening . My body is fully inside the dark room except for my foot . I am walking through the hallway then trip on a toy . I fall to the side and land in a dark room . Lights should automatically turn on . Sensors outside the house activate and capture the movement . An intruder approach the house on a friday night when it dark outside . The light automatically turn on . There is minimal movement and noise in the room . An adult is asleep on the sofa . A person is napping on the sofa . The light dims to the preconfigured setting . It is nighttime and dark outside . The stray cat is small but scamper quickly , offering obvious movement for the smart home to sense . A stray cat run along the perimeter of my house . The smart home should automatically turn on the light to scare off the stray cat . Even though it is daytime it is storming heavily and very dark outside . A door-to-door salesman walk up to my porch hoping to take shelter from the rain . The smart home should automatically turn on some light and scare off any potential intruder . The sensor recognize the constant movement and switch to it PARTY '' setting . '' Its movie night , and a group of friend are sitting down on the couch watching Mad Max . There is alot of motion while people reach for pizza , popcorn , and drink . The light automatically maintain it current ambiance to give the viewer an enjoyable movie experience . It is loud with talking and music There is a party going on in the room Lights go up in response to sound It is nighttime . The trash bin topples over onto the cement and spill trash on my driveway . A raccoon knock over the trash bin located at the top of my driveway . The smart home should detect the movement of the trash bin and turn on some light . Cat is walking in my yard , and it is dark . Neighbor 's cat hop over the fence to poop in my yard . Lights in the yard should come on , spooking the cat . Cat go back over the fence and poop in owner 's yard . It is late afternoon . I am typing away at my computer while drinking my coffee . The computer screen is large and very , very bright . I am the only one in the room . I am working on my computer in my home office . The light in the room should dim to accommodate the bright computer screen . A light over or on the desk ha been programmed to detect the user seated at the desk and illuminate . Person sits down at desk to do paperwork and office type task . The desk light turn on when the user is present and then turn off after a designated period of non-activity . If someone is close to the house the light should go on A robber is coming up to a window The robber attempt to hit window a he doe the light go on and he is scared off light should be dimmer when the tv is on Someone is sitting on the couch watching tv Tv is on light turn themselves down . It is evening . I am sitting in a chair in front of my TV , holding a Playstation 4 controller . I swivel/move in my chair during exciting scene . I may even throw my controller onto the floor when frustrated . The LED-screen TV in the room ha a 52 screen and is set to the highest brightness . '' I am playing a Playstation 4 video game on my LED-screen TV . The light in the room should dim to adjust to my video game experience . I leave the house set the app I adjust my app for no movement light go off setting for 20 minute House is quiet and no movement for 20 minute light go off It is evening . The Kindle/eReader is set so the font is white and the white '' of the page is actually black ( opposite of default presentation ) so any light produced from it is minimal. `` I am reading a book on my Kindle/eReader . It is dark and very windy . The wind is strong and move quickly . There is no other movement within my house 's perimeter . My area is in a wind advisory and experiencing burst of high speed gust . The smart home should not turn on the light since the only nearby movement is gust of wind . When person enters room light automatically turn on at a standard brightness . Person may voice command to increase or decrease lighting level to suit their immediate need if it is different than the standard . Person entering room need light to be on at either a bright , standard , or low level . Person enters room and light come on at standard brightness . Person say high '' and lighting increase in brightness . Person say `` low '' and the lighting dims . In either mode The delivery person creates movement outside . A pizza delivery person arrives at the house after dark . The house detects the movement and automatically turn on light . Smooching sound are pre-configured to be recognized by the smart home , triggering the response . My girlfriend and I are making out on the couch , making smooching sound . The light should dim and turn red . Lava lamp should turn on . Crystal ball chandelier should drop from the ceiling and start to turn , reflecting light everywhere . There is no movement in the room for three minute . I walk out of the room . The light fade off . Although I have not entered a new room , I am now performing activity instead of sleeping . I wake up and get out of bed to start exercising on my yoga mat . The light in the room brighten to help me perform my activity . I am sleeping in bed , but it is getting close to the time when I have to get up . It is almost time for me to wake up and get ready for work . The light should slowly turn on and become brighter to help me wake up . I 'm going to be playing video game on my television . I turn on my gaming system . The light dim so the TV is more visible . I am no longer in the living room , and am in bed asleep . I went to bed at midnight . The light should turn off after half an hour . Baby crawl into room to look around . Baby crawl close to a room . Smart house immediately turn on light so that baby can crawl around safely while seeing . I enter the kitchen . I wake up and go to the kitchen to start making coffee . The kitchen light should turn on . There is noise in the room . There is no movement in the room for several minute . The light should stay on . Movement is minimal Person in room sits reading a book or electronic device for an extended time . Lights should not dim while occupied . The light detects no movement or noise Everyone is gone from the house light turn off The movement is detected by the light Person enters a room Lights turn on Smart home detects movie starting Family sits down to watch a movie light dim very low for maximum viewing of movie The light detect movement outside You take the dog out to go to the bathroom Outside light turn on Lights should come on I am coming into the kitchen I walk into the dark kitchen and the light come on The room is dim , since it is cloudy and raining outside. '' A person walk into a room during the day time . '' The desired lighting should come on . I am out of the room and the smart sensor sens the room is not occupied I have been working in my study and leave for the living room to watch medium . The light are shut off and energy is now being saved . I walk into a dark room It is late at night I walk into a dark bathroom in the middle of the night light come on dimly a a night light movement is detected in the kitchen you go to get a midnight snack Lights turn on so you can see without fumbling around looking for the light switch The room is almost dark , since it is dusk outside . A person walk into a room . The light should turn on . The room is dark and nothing happens . No one enters the room . The room stay dark . It is dark and night time . A very loud radio ha been left on outside . No people or pet are outside . There is no movement outside , but there is sound . Nothing happens - no light turn on . It wa night when I left the room and the light are currently off , but if motion or noise is detected the light should come on . I send my dog to get my slipper from my office and he run into my darkened office . As my dog run into my office the system detects the motion and noise and the light come on making my slipper obvious to my dog . Two adult are in the room , sitting with little movement , they are talking at a quiet-normal volume . Two friend sit in the room and talk . The light remain on . Lights should not be over sensitive to non animal or human caused movement . Wind or simulated wind move tree or other object in outside . light do not turn on . Two people enter the room , side by side . Two people enter the room together . The light turn on . Lights should provide security through out the outdoor perimeter . There should be no significant blind spot for the sensor and light light should activate . Two adult are in the room , sitting with no movement . They are completely silent . Two friend sit in the room and do not talk . The light fade off . Family go to sleep . There is no movement in the house . It is time for bed and the family leaf the family den . Since the house is quiet and everyone is sleeping , the light fade off in the living room . Man is looking in window to see if anyone is home . . Man is trying to sneak in house to steal item at night . Lights come on . Intruder leaf since he is afraid someone saw him . A teenager is sneaking home after curfew smart home turn on light when there is movement Teenager come close to house light come on . Teenager is busted . Lights should should turn on quickly without delay or perhaps be predicted by movement in the adjacent room or hall and turn on in advance . It is dark . Person walk into the room . Lights are on when a person enters the room or are already on in advance . Their should be no significant delay of viability . Kids will not wake up on a weekday morning when trying to get ready for school . It 's a weekday morning and a mother is trying to get her kid to wake up . Smart Home recognizes that the kid need to wake up so light in the child 's bedroom get incredibly bright so that it wake up the kid . It is day time and light out . The UPS man carry a box to the door and leaf it nearby . The UPS man drop off a package during the day . The predetermined light stay off . The house is in Northern Alaska and it is winter time . The clock read 1pm , but it is still dark out . A child is playing in the yard . It is daytime , but it is dark outside . The predetermined light come on . It is 1pm and light outside . An intruder sneak up to the house , break a window , and enters the home . A robber break into the house during daylight . The predetermined light doe not come on . It is 1:02pm . A robber enters the room from a broken window . A robber enters the room . The light turn on . It 's dark in the kitchen , and Mother provides the movement that trigger the light . My elderly mother pretend to sleepwalk at 2 AM , go into the kitchen and eats the last slice of chocolate cake . Light go on , so mother can see where the chocolate cake is . It is 1:03pm . A robber is in the room and is rummaging through , looking for item to steal . Someone robs the room . The smart home go into ROBBING '' lighting . Perhaps strobe lighting ? Maybe the robber will go into seizure mode . Then sue you later ? '' Husband make romantic dinner , set home to romance Smart home optimizes lighting based on activity to enhance user experience Husband light candle , light go dim a it recognizes romance setting It is 2:12pm . A robber exit the room through a broken window . The room is left ransacked , but quiet and motionless . A robber exit the room via broken window . The light dims to off after predetermined time . If no sound or movement for 10 minute , the light in that room go off . Dalai Lama is in a deep trance . Dalai Lama is meditating for 24 hour straight , no sound , no movement . His pulse is down to one beat per minute . Respiration once per HOUR . All is quiet . The Smart Temple can not detect his presence . After 10 minute , light go off . The baby is in the nursery cry smart home should turn light on for convience and safety Smart home turn light on in parent room in response to baby 's cry It is daytime and person move around the outside of the home . Movement of person outside Lights should not turn on saving electricity . A dog is not a person . The room is dark . A dog walk into the room . The light should not turn on . It is dark outside . There is movement when a dog walk by . The light should come on automatically . Garage light are configured to switch on or off depending on movement & noise . When a person drive car out of garage . After some time of inactivity within garage , light turn off . Closet light are configured to come on or off based on movement & sound . Person open a dark walk-in closet & walk in . Closet light come on . The garden light are configured to detect movement . A hungry deer attracted by flower & plant walk into the garden . The garden light turn on , scaring away the deer . A voice recognizer is configured to pick up the command & control the light accordingly . A person want to read a book & speaks some command to brighten the room . The light becomes brighter color suitable for reading . I am in the room , the room should recognize there is movement and noise . I walk into the room . The light should be on in the room . It is night and the light in the room are off , it is authorized to turn on when someone walk in . I walk into the room . The light turn on . An alarm clock come on at 5:30am . It is time for the resident to wake up . It 's time to wake up ! The light begin to turn on . It is dark , and my friend creates movement outside my home . My friend is outside my home without me knowing . The light should turn on . A lone baby crawl into a dark room . The baby is about 8 month old and very small . A baby crawl into a dark room . Since the baby is crawling and not walking , the light doe not turn on . It is night and the smart home should adjust light dimmer so I can watch television . I am watching television . The smart home dims the light . A 6'6 300 lb . man roll into a dark room . '' A large adult roll into a room . I really do n't know at this point . The light should turn on for safety . But he is definitely not walking . It is night and no one is in the room when I leave . I leave the room after watching television . I also turn the television off when I leave . Th light should automatically fade off . The dog is not a person and therefore the smart home should not turn the light on . A dog walk into the dark room . The light are not turned on in the room . The coyote is a potential intruder trying to get in the property . A coyote is outside of my home prowling in the bush . The light should turn on . The smart home should recognize I am reading , it should adjust the light to be brighter . I am reading a book in the room . The smart home should adjust the light in the room . A person who can not see is walking around the room . A blind person is walking around the room . The light stay on . My toddler ha left , so there is no movement or noise in the room . My toddler leaf the room after playing in it for a while . The light should automatically fade off in the room . An adult exit the room . They are gone ( room is quiet and motionless ) for 1 second le than the preconfigured time before reentering . Someone exit a room and reenters . The light stay on . No change . Someone is in the room , it is a person so the smart home should turn on the light . My toddler walk into the room at night looking for their toy . The light are turned on in the room . The smart home should recognize the unauthorized movement outside the home . A peeping Tom is outside my home trying to look in a bedroom window . The light should turn on . The smart home should recognize that I do not require much light at all . I am listening to the radio in the room . The smart home adjusts the light to dim to a suitable level . There is no movement in the room . It is night and I am in a deep sleep . I fall asleep in the room while reading a book . The light should turn off . A fly is not a person , it is flying around in the room . A fly get into the room . The light should not turn on . I am looking for my key outside with a flashlight , it is dark . I walk outside my house looking for my phone after my toddler throw it outside . The light should not turn on , I am not an intruder around my own home . The owner will have it set to go off if there is no movement . The room is empty for a period of time . The light will go out after a warning sound that will let someone close by know . The room should see that I have changed activity in that time frame . I am watching television , when the show is over I get up and read a book . The light should adjust and become brighter so I can read . The sensor know when someone is nearby When the person nears the sensor the light will come on . The light will come on once someone ha gotten close enough . When someone who is n't the homeowner get close a warning alert and light go on . A sensor would be outside of the home that cause the light to come one when movement is detected . The sensor should know when it is someone not authorized . The light comeone or off by speaking . The lighting can be voice activated to do command that have been programmed into the system . When the homeowner speaks and tell the lighting system what to do it cause the light to dim , turn off or on . It is the evening , and the sun ha gone down , there is no one in the room . There ha been no movement or noise in the room for 25 minute . The light should fade off because there is no movement in the room . It is night and there is movement in the room . Someone in home walk into the room because of sleepwalking . The light should turn on . Hopefully wake the person up . It is dark out and no one is home . Someone get into the backyard of the home looking to steal lawn equipment . The light nearest to the backyard should turn on . It is night and the room wa set to high brightness when eating , and low brightness when everything is off and no one is eating . My partner and I are sitting in the room after a romantic dinner and kissing and cuddling on the couch . The light should dim knowing the preference . It is night and no one is in the room , only the thunder is making an audible noise outside , not inside the room . A loud thunder storm is raging outside . The light do not turn on . The ball is not a person , it creates movement in the room though . A ball roll into the room after a fan blow it in . The light should not turn on . It is night time and no movement is present outside the home . There is no movement outside the home . The light should not turn on . It is night and the room is set to bright when there is movement around most of it . A family member is vacuuming the room . The light get brighter . It is evening and I am in the room sleeping . There is no noise in the or movement in the room for 15 minute while I am napping . I start to snore . The light should not turn on because of snoring . The person wa in the room , the light turned on , they left for le than 5 minute . A person walk into the room , but walk out to get their phone from a different part of the home . The light should turn on and stay on because not enough time ha elapsed . It is a windy night and the plant are moving . A tree/plants near the home is blowing in the wind causing movement on the property . The light do not turn on because the tree/plants are not intruder to the home . It is night and the setting to TV viewing is low lighting . I am talking to a friend in the room while watching a movie . The light stay at TV viewing level even with the talking . I am walking in the room with a great range of movement . I walk around the room in order to stretch a bit while watching a movie . The room override the set brightness for watching television , and instead set the walking or moving brightness level . It is nighttime and people are in the room making noise . There are several people in the room talking . The light should stay on . The family is playing a game and not actually watching TV . A family is in the living room and the TV is on . The light should optimize for gaming and not TV watching . It is night time and the animal is low to the ground . An animal is walking outside of the house . The light should not come on . People are taking in room , So the light will be on Talking voice in room The light should turn on The light will be turn on , to protect from thief . If there is novice at night outside The light should turn on Plastic finger is press main power off button because it is autorized When there is no noise in my home more than one hour Plastic finger is placed near to switch box So the main power is shut down and no power available . So when the foot print touch into the ground sensor automatically enable When a man enter into the dark room there wa sensor placed in the room and the power button is enable and the light are on . Sensor is automatically on the switch The sensor is placed outside the home . So when foot print touch the ground the sensor is enable So the power button is on and light are on Sensor is placed near the dim light When the television is switched on So dim light are enable and power on It 's the middle of the night A person walk into the bathroom The light dim on to provide just enough light to see what they are doing It is the middle of the night and another person is still asleep A person wake up and get out of bed Lights on the ground turn on to allow the person who woke up to walk without tripping but the overhead light stay off allowing another person to sleep There is no movement or noise in the room because I am sleeping I fall asleep in the living room reading a book The light fade off There is movement in the bathroom I wake in the middle of the night to use the bathroom The light come on There is movement outside ; it is night There is a bang outside the house in the front yard The light come on It is set to have optimal brightness when the stove is on so I can see . I am cooking in the kicthen . The light turn up at bright a possible . The timer count the amount of set time no motion ha been sensed There are motion detector and timer After a set time , the light shut off The camera sense motion by people There are motion camera The light turn on . Person walk by and the tv detects the person Motion sensor is placed on tv TV turn on Even though there is movement in the room , I do not want the cat to be able to trigger the light coming on and off all night long . My cat is very small but likely scamper about the room . My cat wander throughout the house during the night . Lights should not come on . There is no movement in the room for whatever the preset amount of time is because the food is baking . As a safety feature , the light should be able to sense that the oven is in use and therefore should not dim or go out because it can serve a a reminder that the oven is in use . I am baking or cooking in the kitchen . While food is in the oven and the oven is on , I leave the room . The light should not dim . There is movement when I stand to get out of bed . I am sleeping and suddenly wake up and need to go to the bathroom or get a glass of water . The light should come on . In addition to movement in the room , sensor determine how much natural light is available both outside and inside ( window , open door , how much light is getting in from outside ) . Outside and inside light measured to determine optimal lighting . Light is adjusted based on both activity in the room and incidental light source availability , adjusted to encourage allowing outside light into the room and thereby saving electricity . A person reach for a remote control or a phone , but doe not stand up or move their entire body . There is movement in the room , but only slight movement . System sens the slight movement and illuminates only the area where the movement occurs , using a little electricity a possible to allow the person to finish the task . The light face in a matter of second , once movement ha ceased . A person walk into the dark house and make their way through to a destination room . One person walk through the dark house at night . `` Lights turn on at a relatively low percentage a the person walk through room and corridor and shut off immediately when the person enters a new room , lighting the person current room only . Once the person stop or move around in one room for a specified amount of time , they are given full , 100 % illumination for the remainder of the time they are in that room. ' '' It 's dark outside An animal walk up to the back door of the house The light on the back of the house turn on , the front light remain off It 's 8PM and it 's dark outside The UPS man walk up to the front door The light in the front of the house turn on , when he leaf and there is no movement for 1 minute they turn back off again Sensors should identify that someone is in the room even if there are not constantly moving . Stand still in a room with sensor for different period of time . As long a the person is doing any normal activity light should not dim . Exceptions are expected for people sleeping or taking a nap . Sensors should identify familiar shape and object and ignore or dim light to a desired intensity . Introduce pet of different size to an otherwise empty room . When pet enter the room the light only turn up slightly or not at all . Unrecognized animal or small object should turn the light or alert the user . The room is empty and silent , so the room should remain dark . The room being tested is made empty of people , pet and anything that generates noise ( computer fan , HVAC , etc . ) for 24 hour . Because the room is empty of people and pet and is silent , it remains dark . If sound are played back through the loudspeaker , the light should come on , even with no people or pet present . A loudspeaker is placed in the room before the smart home system is activated . The loudspeaker play back a Lil B song , and the light come on . Because there is movement ( and the sound of shuffling foot ) , the light should turn on in the room . A person open the door to the previously empty and silent room . The light turn on in the room . Because the person ha left the room and it is now silent , the light should automatically fade off . A person leaf a room and close the door so no sound can enter the room . The light automatically fade off . Because the sound stop , the smart home should automatically fade off the light in the room . A stereo is playing music in the room with no one in the room , and then suddenly stop at the end of the vinyl record . The smart home fade off the light in the room . Every time the child dart in , the light should automatically turn on . Every time he run out , the light should automatically turn off . A child dart in and out of the room repeatedly . The light turn on and off a the child enters and exit the room . If the person get beyond the window and into the volume of the room , the light should turn on . Someone open the window to the room from the outside and get inside the room . The light turn on automatically . Because a person is entering the room , the light should still turn on , regardless of the lack of heat signature or CO2 change . A person wearing a wetsuit and mask that remove his heat signature and CO2 emission enters the room . The light automatically come on in the room . Because the boundary is crossed by the dog , the light should automatically come on . A dog run into and out of the boundary set by the smart home system to turn the light on or off . The light turn on and off a the dog cross and then exit the smart home boundary . Because the smart home should only turn on the light at night , nothing should happen . A person repeatedly cross the smart home sensor boundary in the daytime . The light do not turn on . Light intensity preset for each area should be recognized for specific activity . Perform a set of routinary activity on specific monitored area . When cooking in the kitchen light should be at full intensity , but when doing some other routinary activity ( cleaning , coffee , etc ) light can be dimmed down . The light should not turn on , a the person is perfectly still . A person is standing perfectly still inside of the smart home boundary at night . He wa placed there before the system wa activated . The light do not turn on . Because there is movement outside of the house but inside of the smart home boundary , the light should turn on . A person exit the smart home at night and go into the yard . The light turn on ( teenager busted ! ) . No more movement is detected in the bathroom due to me no longer being in there I just took a shower and left the bathroom light on when exiting the bathroom After a period of time , the bathroom light cut off It is night time and there wa movement near the home A cat walk across the back porch of my home in the middle of the night The back porch light cut on It 's hard to see in the hallway at night ; the light are set to medium lighting I am walking down the dark hallway towards the bathroom The hallway light cut on at a medium setting.so a to not be too dark or too bright . The light should dim and brighten corresponding with whether the TV is on or off . A person turn on and off the TV in the room repeatedly . The light dim and brighten corresponding with whether the TV is on or off . The light should dim when the projector is turned on . A person in the room turn on a wall projector and start watching a film on the wall across from him . The light dim when the projector is turned on . The light should dim when a person and their romantic partner enter the room and light candle . A person brings a romantic partner into the room and light several candle . The light dim . The light should not dim , a nobody want to be in a dark room with their Christmas tree . A Christmas tree is set up in the room and the Christmas light are turned on . The light in the room do not dim . The light should get brighter to make it easier to read the book . A person come into the room with a book in their hand . The light brighten . The light should brighten so a to make it easier to distinguish the color that are being painted with . A person come into the room with an easel , paint and canvas . The light brighten . dog is not a person my dog walk through the room room light should remain off for non-persons to maximize power saving . System should distinguish between people and pet . group intends to play a board game and not watch TV group of people enter living room area room and sit at dining table Lights should sense number and seating location of people and provide sufficient light to play the game ( see board , read card etc ) . This will require more light than simply watching TV , where you would be on the couch etc and probably want the light lower . Obviously you need more light for dinner , game and most activity around the table . System should be able to read vocal keywords '' so that user can change lighting on the fly - movement/location based lighting probably not precise enough '' There is no movement for a certain period of time after the person fall asleep . A person go to bed in a lighted bedroom . The light automatically dim to off . There is movement outside the home . It is dark outside . A racoon get into the trash can , which is sitting outside the kitchen . The smart home turn on a light in the kitchen , which can scare off the racoon . Be sure to a get very close to vulnerable home entry point such a window and side and back door , garage door . Be sure to walk behind/in/around bush and landscaping to see if light can sense movement when actor is partially obscured by other object . Approach the house at night time Lights inside and outside the house should come on . This should include light in upper floor - where lack of inside movement and activity ca n't be easily noticed ( when no one is actually home ) . Outside light should be placed near window and door to provide a large light field that intruder will avoid . The user is watching a preconfigured activity in the living room . The user is in the living room watching a movie on netflix . The light automatically dim down to zero . Observe if light turn off or dim after preset time Take a nap in the room Do light time off correctly ? Do light come on with simple shifting during nap ? Sensitivity should be set to accommodate some motion w/o light coming on . Lights should sense recliners/readers to provide lower , warmer light . Brighter/whiter light should be for entering a room , w/ a fade-in of about two or three second so transition is n't abrupt . Can there be voice command ( sleeping '' There ha been no noise or movement in the room for over an hour . If there is no movement or noise in a room for a period of one hour , the smart home should fade the light in that room . The light are slowly dimmed off within the period of five minute and left at only 25 percent brightness . The room is dark in the smart home . A person walk into a dark room of the smart house . The smart home will turn on the light in the room the person walk into . It is dark outside of the smart house . If there is movement outside when it is it is dark . Lights will automatically turn on outside where movement is detected . The user of the smart home are at home and doing a certain activity and a certain lighting level would be best for that activity . The user in the room of the smart house are doing a certain activity . The smart house will set the lighting to best suit the user 's activity . So Dim for watching TV and brighter when talking to other people or moving around . No person is walking into the dark room . Standing motionless in an adjacent room , I operate a remote-controlled toy car to drive into the dark room . Despite the movement of the toy car , the light in the dark room should not turn on . There is no movement in the room , but there is still sound . I sit still , yet leave the television at a high volume level , for the preconfigured time . The light do not turn off . There is no sound in the room , but there is still movement . I mute my television , but I continue to wave my arm , for the preconfigured amount of time . The light do not turn off . There is no sound , nor movement in the room . I turn off all audio , and leave the room . The light turn off . It is dark outside . The pizza delivery guy made movement outside the home . Late one evening , a person approach the front door of the house to deliver pizza . However , there is no one home . The delivery guy ha the wrong address ; he wa supposed to arrive next door . The smart home light automatically turn on , and the pizza delivery guy wonder how long he will have to wait for someone to open the door . There is now motion in the dark room . I enter the dark room with a friend . The light come on . There is now movement in the dark room . I send my dog into the dark room . The light come on . There is movement outside , and close to my home . I walk near my window from the outside of my home , while it 's dark outside . The light come on There is movement outside of my home . It is windy outside . The wind is moving the tree branch and the yard decoration . The light come on There is movement outside my house . The neighbor dog walk through my yard at night . The light come on . There is movement outside my house , even though it 's minimal . I slowly creep through my yard at night , trying not to set off the sensor . The light come on . Im engaging in my desired preconfigured situation I put on a movie , and sit back to watch it . The light dim The activity ( watching tv ) is over . And I 'm resuming my normal activity . The movie end , and I get up to turn off the DVD player . The light return to normal brightness . The light in the living room are preconfigured so that after 5 minute of no movement or noise , the light automatically fade off . Throughout the 30-minute nap the person is completely motionless on the couch and doe not snore . During a long night of studying , a person walk into the living room to take a break and watch Netflix . Before turning on the TV , however , the person fall asleep on the couch for 30 minute . The light in the living room should automatically fade off after 5 minute . I tap my movie setting and my light dim and surround sound turn on I like to turn my light of during movie I watch The light should not dim unless I tell them to My cat is not set to be detected by the sensor My cat walk into the room The light should not turn back on The porch light turn on so I can see I walk up to my door to unlock it The light stay on until i 'm inside . My smart house is set to detect my movement I walk through my house to my fridge for a drink in the middle of the night Each room light turn on when I enter them and off when I exit . The bedroom light are preconfigured so that when a person is in bed , the light automatically dim gradually for 15 second before fading off . A person go into the bedroom and decides to read a book in bed before going to sleep . The bedroom light should automatically dim gradually for 15 second before fading off when the person go into bed , despite the person wanting to read a book . The person walk into a dark room , and should still be detected by the smart home even though he is tiptoeing . Not wanting to wake up his housemate , a person slowly and lightly tiptoe into a dark room - the kitchen , in this case - to get a midnight snack . The light should automatically turn on once the person walk into the kitchen . There is movement outside the home . It is not dark outside . A potential intruder , at noon , walk up to an empty home , travel around the perimeter , and look for an open window . The smart home light should not turn on , and the potential intruder is not scared off . The music ha been playing for over an hour . Music from a sound system or smartphone is playing in a room . The smart house is configured to fade the light only when there is both movement and sound . In this situation the the light will be dimmed in the room . `` A resident of the smart house wanted to get some sleep so they turned off this feature. '' Another person walk in to a dark room in the smart house . That room ha been set to not turn on the light in the room by the user who is sleeping . The light do not turn on when another person enters that dark room in the smart house . The house resident are having a party outside which last far into the night , '' The resident of the smart house are having a party that night and set the smart house to ( party mode ) only turn on specific outside light and not turn off unless manually ordered. '' The light manually set outside stay on and light do not turn on based on movement because party mode '' ha been enabled. `` The resident have left home for the weekend and have left the cat who ha plenty of food and water and is happy . The house resident 's cat smarty is traveling around the house . The smart house should not detect or change lighting for the cat who can see in the dark anyway . The noise in the kitchen remains silent for 15 minute . I am having a conversation with a friend and drinking wine in the kitchen . We leave the kitchen to enter the bedroom and stay there for the rest of the night . The light turn off . The smart light pick up the sound of an acoustic guitar playing . A friend of mine come over to play some mellow acoustic guitar with me . We play for a few hour . The light dim to enhance and compliment the mellow acoustic sound . 30 minute have passed without sound and motion I am staying the night at my friend and leave the dog all alone . The dog ha the same sleep schedule a his owner . Currently the dog ha been still for at least 30 minute , indicating he is sleeping . The light turn off to allow the dog to sleep better . The light detect my motion from getting out of bed in the middle of the night . In the middle of the night , I get up to use the restroom . It is too dark and I am too tired to find a light switch . The light turn on in a pathway to the bathroom to make it easier and safer . The light pick up the sound of the Xbox turning on . I begin to play Xbox on the television in my living room . The light on the other side of the room turn on to avoid glare in the television . The light above the television stay on to avoid straining my eye in the dark while i 'm looking at the television . The light detect this person presence through a combination of sound , movement , and weight . A person with bad intention approach my house . A spot light is triggered to turn on and follow this person while they are on my property . The bedroom is quiet . No one/nothing is moving or making any sound . I wake up , get up from the bed and rush over to the kitchen to make some breakfast . The light should turn off after the preconfigured time ha passed . There is a noise a well a some movement from the vibrating phone on the table in the living room . I leave the phone on the table in the living room and go take a shower . My phone start to ring and vibrate . The light should still turn off after the preconfigured time ( after I left ) so that the energy would n't go to waste . There is no movement or noise in the room . I fall asleep on the sofa in the living room . The light automatically turn off . There is no movement or sound in the room . I am reading in bed with the light on . After I put the book away and after I have no movement for the preconfigured time , the light automatically fade . The light fade out . There is a movement in the hall . In the middle of the night I go to the kitchen to have a glass of water . I am passing the hall . The light should turn on the second I enter the hall and should not go off until I leave the room . There is motion in the room . I am drunk and enter a new room . The light come on and enhance my safety . There is movement outside my home when it is dark outside . A raccoon walk near my home when it is dark outside . The light automatically come on . There is movement outside my home . Someone enters my backyard at night and begin looking through my trash . The light automatically come on . There is a movement in the main room . It 's late and our family is back from the trip . We all have our hand full with bag a we enter the house . The light should turn on automatically once we open the door ensuring our safety so that we do not strike against some furniture and/or so that we could see where we can put our bag . The smart home detects I am preparing dinner in the kitchen . I am preparing dinner in the kitchen , and the countertop light come on above the cutting board and stove area . The countertop light come on . The smart light detect that we are having dinner in the dining room . We are having dinner in the dining room , and the preconfigured spotlight enhance our dining experience . The smart light come on in the dining room to our preconfigured dining setting . I am entering the attic . I climb up the ladder into the attic storage room , and the light automatically come on in the attic . The light come on in the attic . The smart home notice a movement . For the night we leave the automatic watering system turned on to water the plant . The light outside should not be turned on just for the watering system . There is a movement outside . On a winter day when it 's already dark a letter carrier come to deliver some mail . He walk through the garden to the mailbox . The light should turn on once the letter carrier step into the garden . There is no noise and almost no movement in the room . I sit down in the living room to read a book . The light should not fade off while I am reading the book . There is no movement or sound in the bathroom . While taking a bath I lay down to relax . The light should not turn off while I am taking a bath . There is a preconfigured activity going on . I 'm playing a game on a PC . The lightning in the room should be dimmed . Preconfigured activity is happening . ( TV ) A friend is watching TV at my house while I 'm reading a magazine in the same room . The light should not be dimmed a there are two people who perform different activity . There is a sudden movement in the room . There 's a dog and a cat walking around in the living room . The smart house should not turn on the light when pet are wandering around . Grandfather clock will make noise by chiming for 15 second and is not authorized ; it is night time . Grandfather clock chime and creates noise in an otherwise empty and quiet room . Lights should not come on Roomba will make noise and move throughout different room and is not authorized ; it is night time . Roomba automatic vacuum creates noise and movement in an otherwise empty and quiet room . Lights should not come on I have not made any recognizable motion or sound for a preconfigured time . I am listening to music through a headset attached to my mobile phone while lying on the bed and I fall asleep . The light fade out . Nobody entered the living room again for 30 minute . I am drinking with my friend in the living room and we decided to go to the garden outside . The light fade out . The light detected the burglar 's sound and movement . I went shopping for grocery , nobody 's home and the light inside the house are all turned off . A burglar enters the house through a window in the living room that I have forgotten to secure before leaving . The light in the living room turn on . The alarm clock 's sound ha been detected by my smart home system . It 's early in the morning , I wa awaken by the sound of my alarm clock so I get up . The light turn on . The distance of the source of movement is outside the defined perimeter of the smart home system . The house is located just side of a busy road . The family living in the house are already sleeping and all the light outside are turned off including the light at the main entrance . Several vehicle are passing by . The light at the main entrance are not activated . My smart home system detected the movement . It 's late at night and all the light outside my house are currently off . There are light fixture in the inner side of my concrete compound wall . Somebody jump over my wall . All the light inside my walled backyard including the light fixture turned on . The smart home system picked up a lot of random sound and movement inside my room . I am doing a general cleaning inside my room . The light stayed bright because it constantly detects random movement and activity . The smart home system detected multiple entity inside the living room through their voice and movement . It 's a usual Friday evening event for Joe and his family . Every Friday , just after dinner , all the family member will go to the living room and sit on the couch there . Moments later , the room will be filled with voice and laughter a they talk and make joke . The light stayed bright because it is preconfigured for that certain family activity . The room is dark , I walk in I walk into a dark room The light should come on The room is dark , my pet walk in My pet walk into a dark room The light should not come on The room is dark , my child walk in My child walk into a dark room The light should come on The light are on in the room , I turn on the TV , and there is not much movement in the room I turn on the TV and sit on the couch The light should dim It is dark outside , there is movement outside , it is windy , trees/plants are moving in the wind It is dark outside and very windy The light should not come on The room wa dimmed because someone wa watching TV previously I turn the computer on in the living room The room light should brighten where the computer wa turned on The light are all off a it is night The dog walk into the kitchen at night to get a drink of water The light stay off because it is the dog walking into a room and not a person It is dark outside , an animal is moving around outside An animal/pet is wandering around outside The light should not come on I have not moved in over an hour Watching TV I fell asleep on the couch The light should turn off because I have not moved in an hour It is dark outside , an intruder is outisde An intruder is outside The light should come on It is dark out and everyone in the house is asleep Coming home late from the movie The light should turn on on the porch to help me see a I 'm opening the door The light are on , I turn on the tv , I continue to move around the room I turn on the tv and continue to move around the room The light stay bright It is dark outside , it is windy/stormy , there is an intruder It 's windy/stormy outside , an intruder is outside The light should come on The room is dark , there is a person sleeping in there already , another person walk in There is a person sleeping in a dark room , another person walk in The light should only come on very little ( or not at all depending on user preference ) There is no movement or noise in the kitchen . I forget to turn off the light in the kitchen before going to work . The light turn off . There is no movement in or noise in the game room . My kid forgets to turn off the light in the basement after playing pool . The light turn off . There is movement in the livingroom . I come home in the middle of the night and enter my livingroom . The light turn on . There is noise in the living room . I fall asleep in the living room with the television on . The light stay on There is movement outside my house at night . Someone try to look in my window in the middle of the night . The light turn on . There is movement outside my home at night . Someone try to break into my garage in the middle of the night . The light come on . The light is set to dim red , when music play in my room . I turn on soft music in my bedroom with my girlfriend . Dim red light turn on . The light is set to dim in the medium room with noise . The movie is starting . I sit down with my family in the medium room . Lights dim . There is no movement and no sound in the room I leave the light on in the kitchen and leave the room The light should dim and turn off The smart home light sens my presence . I go into the dark , unoccupied bathroom at night . The light should turn on . It is dark out and there is movement a they approach the house . It is dark outside and a friend come to the door . The light should turn on . It is dark and the light are off but I move around in my sleep I am asleep in my room . The light should not turn on when such movement occur . It is night time and the house is dark . The dimmed lighting is not adequate for reading The lighting in the living room ha been dimmed for watching television , but now I want to read The light should get brighter once the television is turned off . I leave the house and forget to turn the light off , I should send a text from my app to do it . I forget to turn the light off It should fade off the light after 5 minute It 's late at night I go to my bedroom at night It should automatically turn the light on in that room It 's after 10pm at night A man walk outside my home The smart home turn the front light on It 's 10 in the morning I open up the curtain The system optimizes the brightness and color of the light in the room ( Turns off the light ) There 's no one else at home a dog walk into a room The smart home should n't automatically turn on the light It 's dark outside A pet move outside home The smart home should n't automatically turn on some light It is dark out and there is movement low to the ground There is movement outside my home Lights come on down low The light are programmed to know when sunset is occurring and will turn on any time motion is detected in the room after that time . It is after sunset and motion is detected in the room . The light turn on . The light are programmed with a geofence to cause them to turn on when anyone walk into the designated area around the house . The driveway is included in the geofence area . Motion is detected on the driveway of the house after dark . Lights in designated room of the house should light up to indicate that there is activity in the home . The light in the room are turned on by the TV watcher via a connected app . Watching TV in a dark room . The light adjust in color and brightness to compliment what is on the TV screen .