I walk out of the bathroom and have the timer set for 3 minute to turn the light off , I just finished using the bathroom , The light shut off in the bathroom after 3 minute , It 's night time and the light in my bedroom are off , I need to get something from my bedroom , '' When I walk into the room , the light will turn on '' , I want some of the light to cycle on and off to make it seem like somebody is at home to deter any criminal , I am on vacation for a few day away from my home , The light should go on and off for a set amount of time in different room to make it seem like somebody is actually at home , The bathroom light are off because nobody ha gone in there in a few hour . The system however should detect it 's late at night and that I would n't want to be blinded going into the bathroom , I 've awaken from sleep to get up to use the bathroom , The system should turn on the light to a very dim setting in the bathroom , '' It 's late at night and I just came from a dark room , I do n't want the light to be too bright when I walk into the kitchen . `` , I 'm waking up for a midnight snack and head to the kitchen , The light should come on dimmed in the kitchen , comfortable enough to where it wo n't hurt my eye but bright enough so I can see what I 'm doingThe system should detect the size of what is moving around my house at night , A raccoon walk by my house late at night , The light should not come on because it is just a raccoon and it would be unnecessary to turn on the light , It 's night time and people are coming in the backyard from the driveway , I am having friend over in the backyard for a bonfire , '' Turn on only walkway light so that my guest can see , but keep floodlight off a to not attract bug '' , '' It 's nighttime and I 'm sitting in the living room , watching a movie '' , I 'm watching a movie , The light should stay dimmed a to not produce a glare on the screen , It 's starting to get dark outside and I 'm having trouble reading , I would like to read a book in the study , The system should turn the light on to their full brightness so that I can see what I 'm reading , Someone wa previously in the room with the light on but ha since left and not reentered. , A room ha been completely unoccupied for the preconfigured amount of time. , The light should be turned off. , There are no light on in the room and the room is unoccupied prior to the person entering. , A person enters into a darkened room. , The light should turn on. , The person is not a member of the household ( is not authorized ) and is approaching the home from any side. , A person approach the home at night. , Some light should turn on to scare off a potential intruder. , There are people seated either on furniture or on the floor in front of the TV. , A TV in the room is turned on. , The room lighting should be changed to the preconfigured setting for watching TV. , '' There had been no significant movement or noise in the room for the preconfigured time , so the light had been turned off . `` , A sleeping baby awakes during the night and begin to cry in his crib. , The light should remain off. , '' The family dog is making his nocturnal round , trotting in and out of various room in the house . There are no light on in the room and the room is otherwise unoccupied . `` , A dog enters the room. , The light should remain off. , The room is dark . There are child sleeping in their bed in this room . One of their parent ha cracked open the door to check on them. , A person crack open a door and peer into a dark room but doe not cross the threshold. , The light should remain off. , The smart home should detect no movement. , A person fall asleep in a room. , The light should turn off. , '' The light are on for reading . There is minimal movement , only the turning of page , and very little sound other than the person breathing . `` , A person is seated in the room reading. , The light should remain on. , The smart home detects movement but no manual control of the lights. , A person ha a book in one hand and a drink in the other . They are unable to reach the light switch. , The smart home turn the light on after about 10 seconds. , The smart home detects a body that is bigger than a small cat or dog. , A trespasser ha hopped the fence and is walking up to the home. , The smart home turn on security light in the area of the movement. , The smart home detects the increased activity. , A person is being very active and moving around in a room , The light get brighter a the person continues to move and dims if they sit still. , '' The light are off because no one is using the room . It is a summer day , so the window are open . A strong breeze is moving the drape . `` , '' Window drape are blowing in the wind , creating distinct movement in the room and casting changing shadow across the room . `` , The light should remain off. , It is night and the light are off. , '' An animal [ raccoon , skunk , possum , deer , domestic cat , domestic dog , wild turkey , etc . ] approach the home . `` , The light should not turn on. , '' A person wa in the room and the light are on . Sounds are coming through an open window , but no one ha been in the room for the preconfigured time . `` , '' The continuous sound of [ rain , traffic , a leaf blower , a lawnmower , chirping bird , dog barking , etc . ] is audible through an open window . `` , The light should be turned off. , '' A person wa in the room and the light are on . No one ha been in the room for the preconfigured time . Audible through an open window that , say , open on to a patio or backyard are distinctly human sound such a child playing or people in conversation . `` , Distinctly human sound are audible in the room. , The light should turn off. , There are people seated either on furniture or on the floor in front of the TV . There are also other people in a different area of the room engaged in activity other than watching the TV. , A TV in the room is turned on. , The overall room lighting should not be changed. ,