no movement for half an hour , movement , turn light offsomeone talking or opening a door or making other sound , someone enters the room , light automaticly turn ona person is walking into the room , pressure on floor , light turn onsensors indicate a person ha moved out of the room and no one is left inside , no movement or person leaf room , light turn offa person or animal body heat is detected , heat sensor , a spotlight is pointed at the source of heata drone is heard roaming into the property , sound , a spotlight directs towards the sounda movie ha been selected and is starting , watching television , light are dimmedsomeone sits at a workstation to work on a project , sitting at a desk or workstation , light are brightened so that the person ha enough light to focus on the work at handThe movement is not from an authorized person. , '' A thief or pet , move in a room . `` , '' Lights do not turn on , and light still fade at preconfigured time from movement of authorized movement . `` The thief and/or pet is unauthorized. , A thief or pet go into a room. , Lights will not turn on.Non human movement. , Insects or animal move around outside. , Lights should not turn on . `` Power is still on , but home owner and authorized guest ( s ) want a candle lit experience . `` , Candles are lit. , Light 's turn off a preconfigured number of candle become lit.My bedroom is now empty and ha been for the last ten minutes. , I left my bedroom ten minute ago and no one else is inside it. , The smart home should fade the light in the room . `` If I am still in the room , the light should not turn off , even if I am still and quiet . `` , I am reading a book in my bedroom . There is nothing creating noise. , '' The smart home should be able to detect that there is still a person in the room , whether by heat sensing technology or other , and should keep the light on even if there is a lack of noise or movement . `` A person is in the room but is not moving or making noise. , I am sleeping in my bedroom. , '' If I am sleeping , no change should be made by the smart home to the setting I last made to the lighting . `` My dog is not a person and should not be authorized to change lighting. , My dog walk into the bedroom while I am sleeping. , An animal entering the room should not stimulate the system to turn on the lights.A person walking into a room. , My 5 year old daughter walk into our bedroom. , '' A person entering a room , even a small one , should trigger the system to turn on the light . `` Movement outside the home from small animal should not trigger the lights. , A cat run across the lawn. , The light will not turn on for every animal that move near the house.Movement outside of the house. , I open my car door in the driveway. , The driveway light should turn on with this type of movement.Lighting need to be increased for reading. , I am reading a book. , The light should be a high a possible . `` The light should be turned up when someone is in the kitchen , including the light over the stove . `` , I am cooking in the kitchen. , '' The light in the kitchen should be turned up a bright a possible , while the light in the surrounding area ( dining room , living room ) should be turned down so long a there is no movement in them . ''